This episode of Your Mom's house is brought to you by Saatva luxury mattress.
The only online mattress company that provides free delivery setup and mattress
removal.
Christina Mcdonald's
cheeseburgers.
Mcdonald lay a fish.
Mcdonald's chicken nuggets from Mcdonald's.
Mcdonald's all the time.
Mcdonald's,
Nigga Burger,
Burger,
burger,
chicken nuggets,
Mcdonald's cheeseburgers
at Mcdonald's.
It's a happy meal for a boy or a girl.
Yeah.
What's up with that?
I want you to pick your own pronouns and the nuggets.
I love him.
I met many,
many French fries at Mcdonald's,
nigger
Mcdonald.
It's even better.
Two point $3 million
Burger fries,
Mcdonald's cheeseburgers.
It's delicious.
The last time I had a filet of fish,
but it's fantastic.
Oh fuck.
Yeah.
That's the,
uh,
make jeans anthem.
We're good.
We're going to get into it.
Believe me.
It kind of hurts to listen to that song.
It does hurt to listen to,
well,
we'll get into it in a moment.
All right.
We've got to take care of some stuff first,
but
good morning.
I didn't really like the filet a fish
this weekend.
I'm doing it real big and going to Oklahoma City,
San Antonio,
Houston and Dallas.
Um,
I believe everything is sold out except for the Sunday show in Dallas.
The 27th has about,
I don't know,
it's like a hundred tickets or so left,
but if you want to try to get those fantastic.
The next time I go on the road,
I will be in Long Beach at the terrorists theater,
then the Chumash casino and then finally a Reno at the grand theatre and that is
a February seven two nine I also,
thanks to you guys added some shows recently.
If you don't know,
I added shows in new haven,
Connecticut,
a second show,
March 30th added a second show in Portland,
Oregon at the Keller Auditorium.
It's May 1st and then I added a fourth show at the Moore in Seattle,
Washington,
May 4th and I added a third show at the Chicago Theater and that'll happen on
June 2nd all available at Thomson [inaudible] dot com slash tour Jean.
Wow.
Talk about perfect timing.
Perfect timing.
January 31st through February 2nd I'm in mom vert,
Colorado at the Denver comedy works.
Tickets are moving very quickly on that one.
We already have a couple shows sold out,
so get them now.
February 23rd I do West Siloam springs,
Oklahoma at the charity makeup day.
You know,
that's a makeup day from one.
Our neighborhood was on fire.
They'd be wary.
28th through March 2nd Madison with come on Wisconsin.
How do you say that?
What does that just sound nasty,
Nasty Madison Comedy Club on state.
April four through six mini apple tits,
many stub Minnesota Acme come on your club.
May 10th and 11th Tempe at the Tempe Improv and Arizona May 31st to June 1st and
adherence,
Sperm Bank flip hairs,
Comedy Club and then June 20th through 22nd Washington Dick come at the Dick.
Come Emperor all tickets at Christina Pete Online.
Also follow me on Instagram at Krisstina.
Pete,
I'm so far.
All right.
Okay,
I'm go,
I'm going to use them again.
It's been awhile.
Yeah,
they're great.
It's a great service for um,
well this is going to be quite the episode.
There's so much to get into.
Um,
I'll tell you this,
obviously we're going to discuss,
you know,
if you're,
if you're a viewer,
what you're seeing the set,
if you're a listener,
you're probably gonna want to check out a youtube for a moment because the,
everything's changed.
We're going to discuss it in a moment.
We got to open the show real proper,
like,
so we'll discuss this set,
but let's get this show kicked off gene.
Oh,
I see.
I heard what you said.
Every time I eat the shit,
I'm tired of shooting shit ever.
She is a very respectful girl.
She never cursed in front of me like this high to shitting.
I nausea,
zippy,
calming down audition water.
Don't bring anyone loving to this.
Well,
well,
well go to your mom's house.
Christina.
My Guy.
You know who you look like when you pretend to do guitar.
Bruce Springsteen.
Yeah,
no,
the guy in the,
his band,
the ended up playing a mobster in the supposed Stevie low.
Steven.
Steven Zane.
Yeah.
Yeah,
they're horrible.
People are um,
uh,
hey.
Uh,
Bruce Springsteen.
I hate the whole east be banned.
I Hate Bruce Bracey music too.
I hate the lab,
Dylan as well,
which I know you garbage garbage means.
And we have stupid listeners who,
uh,
who liked them and they've told me before and they're like,
oh,
he's the best and you're a garbage person.
And I also don't like Billy Joel's music.
I know that's like sacrilege to he is if you're from fucking long island.
Right.
And he just sings about his hometown and stuff.
All those home time,
idiots fucking sick of all of them anyways.
We're kind of in a bad mood.
What if you can't tell her a little sour to it?
Yeah.
And by the way,
even if I was in a great mood
with a big smile on my face,
I would tell you Springsteen's shit,
Dylan's garbage and,
uh,
what's his last one?
Billy Joel can go fuck his mother.
Sure.
Um,
so yeah,
if you're,
if you're watching right now,
you're like,
what happened to the set?
Well,
you know,
we were riding high a week.
It wasn't just how life goes.
Okay.
We,
we were pretty excited.
I'm not going to lie.
I mean here we have one of the biggest corporations in the world gives us is
huge check.
All we have to do is paint the set their colors right.
And um,
well that's what they said.
That's what they said.
And I do,
I want to be clear about something where was a lot of conversations ahead of
time before we were working with Mcdonald's about our content and they were
like,
yeah,
like let,
let it,
let it go wherever you want to go.
And then,
uh,
I called and I said,
too,
there are age.
And I said,
well,
you know,
have they,
here's what we do.
Or we asked them like,
did they do their due diligence?
What I go through our social media,
did they go,
this is what I was told.
I was like,
yeah,
yeah.
And then later on I,
I feel like,
well,
what was,
they're like,
oh,
they're familiar with you guys.
Stand up.
And I'm like,
okay.
And they'll look at your stand up.
They have no problem with,
I'm like,
yeah,
but you know that this isn't stand up,
right.
Yeah.
We're doing a different type of show and he goes,
uh,
yeah,
no,
it's fine.
And they,
they,
they clear.
Basically they didn't want the agents didn't want to press and find a reason to
upset them.
So here's a,
here's the deal man.
Uh,
he's a deal guy.
It's such a bummer.
We got,
uh,
we got fired from Mcdonald's over last week's episode in a phone call,
like almost like within hours of the show coming out.
So that came out on video on Wednesday and it was like Wednesday afternoon and
they were like,
oh,
you're done.
And then it was a whole shit show.
I mean,
it was so fast.
It's like the,
I got a voicemail happened,
so I know,
but can I just process with you a little bit?
I mean,
today is Monday.
What it does,
it Mondays we're recording and a man just fucking ruined my whole weekend
getting this.
Well,
you have to imagine,
I mean,
they gave us two point $3 million.
And for people who are like,
Oh,
you just get the pocket that will know the,
it was going to basically finance the studio probably for a few years.
Sets.
Yeah.
Employees,
insurance,
utilities.
Yeah.
Like everyone's salaries.
All the equipment.
It was like set up to do all of that.
Plus we got already,
you know,
picked up some fun items too.
Yeah.
I want a new car.
I thought we were going to get a Lamborghini finally.
I know
blue man was looking at a house.
Yeah.
He was like,
oh,
like a member right before the episode last week.
He goes,
uh hey man,
this is really cool.
I'll probably have my own house.
Yeah.
And like maybe I could settle down.
And I was like,
oh,
that's great.
Yeah.
I'm thinking like,
well yeah,
I mean Mcdonald's is going to pay for it,
you know?
Yeah.
It's always hard getting fired.
I'm not even sure I can hear this voice mail again.
I'm,
you know,
it's still,
it hurts,
but here it is for everybody to know this is what happened.
This is,
this is what I get Wednesday afternoon.
Okay.
Tom,
this is Darren gearing Wisco second in command entertainment division at the
Mcdonald's corporation.
I'm calling to inform you that Mcdonald's is canceling our sponsorship of your
show,
your mom's house podcast.
We are,
we were dismayed to say the least that you were so called entertainment content
when we said that you could do whatever you wanted.
We didn't imagine in our wildest dreams that you would include a man reviewing
of butt plug and having a cool ruined orgasm is you laugh like a lunatic.
And the other guys that you see truth,
the cool guys,
they're not cool.
They're very not cool.
We're demanding the return of the two point $3 million we gave you and we
request that you change the colors of the set come legal action may be taken if
you refuse additional lien.
Neither you nor Christina are welcoming to any southern California Mcdonald's
location.
Good Day sir.
That's it.
Mary goes,
fire you like that and a voicemail.
And then I called,
I tried to call him back,
you know I had to call it through the agents and they were just like,
it's over,
it's over.
So why are training,
I mean,
I kind of do remember how Terry broke me.
Like Terry's a straw.
That video was a straw that broke your mom's house.
Here's the great irony that mother fucker's carry.
The great irony of it.
Okay.
In this is our 483rd episode of your mom's house in the previous 482 maybe four
times I've done this where I so enjoyed moment on the podcast that I actually
went back and had to watch or listen to again and again because I was laughing.
I was at joying.
It's,
it sounds gross,
but I was enjoying so much what I went through that I wanted to see myself go
through it again.
You mean my suffering?
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
And,
and also like uncle Terry just doing this.
So
I was so uncomfortable with that video and I can see why Mcdonald's was
uncomfortable the way,
just so people know,
if you haven't seen it,
if you want to see what I'm talking about,
why we got fired from Mcdonald's.
Well go to episode 42 it's the previous episode.
And if you go on Youtube,
go to the 49 minute mark.
Okay.
Go to the 49 minute mark and just watch for a few minutes.
And that is essentially a two point $3 million bit of laughing.
Yeah,
that's right.
That's $2 million.
Laughter.
$2 million to play that stupid stay.
That dumb fucking video.
I hated.
I Hate Terry and I hate it.
Really hate them.
No,
I know.
But yeah,
it was a depressing and I can't even step foot in a Mcdonald's anymore that were
done as part.
I mean,
I didn't even know.
He's like,
you're not welcome.
Is he going to have our pictures up there?
And I don't know how that works.
Can we not in California has got to have a thousand of them.
You know what about the drive through?
Yeah,
they can't,
they can't kick us out of a tribe.
No.
Oh,
it's so depressing.
Things.
I was going to buy fucking Terry man.
Fucking Terry.
Uh,
well I'll also,
before we further examine this,
um,
we have now created our own,
uh,
separate,
highlight channel.
It's clips of your mom's house.
So there's a,
if you'd just like to watch the highlights or you want to send them around to
friends or just see like the big moments.
It's youtube.com/what your mom's house clips,
youtube.com/your mom's house clips and you can subscribe to that please.
If you want to get those separate highlights from the episodes.
So we've had to change the set per the request of corporate and people are like,
oh,
it kind of looks like a steak house now.
Yeah.
But that's because I had to go with my head down in the Mortons uh,
the one in the area.
And I said like,
you know,
is there anything you can do?
If they gave us a couple of grand,
which is night and Morton's is great,
I don't want to act like I'm not a fan.
Love Martin's.
I loved,
they basically paid to paint it.
They paid.
So Morton Sankey Morton steakhouse like you Morton steakhouse for sponsoring
your mom's house.
Yeah,
they have a great iceberg wedge salad.
I enjoy there.
And they have,
you know,
a Usda,
a wet and dry age beef.
It's good stuff.
It is.
It's good.
I don't want to act like I'm not appreciative of Morton.
And then painting the set and stuff.
What you said
is true.
What is the difference between a wet and a
well,
I mean most people,
you know,
they'll go for the dry age.
The secret is that the wet is really better.
Yeah.
Why is that?
Well,
I don't want to get into it.
Right.
Okay.
I'll have one of the Morton's reps kind of stop by.
Hey,
that's the thing they can do next week.
Yeah,
sure.
Yeah.
Well,
like here's 100 bucks.
Is that what Mcdonald's gave you?
No,
it's not.
Sorry.
I don't want to act like a dick.
But anyways,
um,
uh,
yeah.
So Terry,
let's talk about it.
Oh,
what the carry the joy.
Yeah,
the hardest I've ever laughed in a clip.
And at the same time,
the most costly clip.
It is really nice.
But we have gone back and watched it.
No,
I haven't gone back and watched it.
You've been watching it,
but the way he upsets you is what makes me,
here's what I cause.
I thought about it and I was like,
why does Terry upset me like no other.
Yeah,
and I think what bothers me about him is his lack of shame.
[inaudible] I mean no shame.
This motherfucker is talking about putting stuff in his but talking about it,
doing it,
doing it like he's Bobby flay,
like doing like a chicken cutlet recipe,
so we're going to do is going to take a a boneless skinless chicken breasts.
We're going to pound it out.
I wanted to use this by greening super casual and try that.
Try this.
Step one did fell asleep.
I don't want to make them do with it.
I don't want it to be like a chicken pie it or like a chicken fried steak.
I want it to have some explaining what I'm doing.
Maybe about going through what I'm going to do half an inch.
I'm not going to be able to use the vibrating park but that,
but Tony vibrating,
I mean casual Friday or whatever.
Now,
what do you want to do is when you're making sugar apartment,
John,
do you want to set up sort of a station for yourself?
It's almost like an assembly line.
Yeah.
What are you wanting to start with?
Some much.
Wow.
What about you Terry?
The first,
I'm going to try and
turn it on and it's even got this cool little,
oh,
alright,
so you can take a little bit oil.
Just like he's dead.
Chicken Parmesan.
You go to the Lord.
Very casual.
We're trying to accomplish here.
We just want to get the,
the,
the chicken and the break rooms and be sort of Nice and Golden Brown,
so
to go slow.
Don't try and rush it.
We want to cook the chicken too fast.
Try it again.
Yeah.
You take a peek.
Take a peek.
Take a look.
Take your time as I love chicken recipe yet the Brown,
is it Brown?
Is it?
Give it a flip.
Let's see.
Take it out here.
I see the route.
Throw up.
Oh,
this is cool.
Case to some guy.
Just the other side.
Just till the bread crumbs cook a little bit.
Yeah.
We're going to assemble the chicken Parmesan and finish it in the oven.
Perfect.
No,
no,
no.
I don't want to call it.
Oh,
oh,
okay.
That's enough.
Thank you.
By the way,
if you want to see what was,
if you could pull up the first Terry clip and this batch,
the very first one that you,
um,
that,
that you played.
Yeah.
Like that one.
So if you see,
um,
can you scrub,
can you scroll to like go a little further there?
Okay.
See it sees,
Hey,
can you see that hand?
That left hand move and he's got mcdonalds,
mcdonalds sided this.
Oh,
that.
They're like that.
They're like,
what the hell is that?
And I got,
I think he's got,
I told him I go,
I think he's got an itch and a,
that guy,
Darren was like,
he's not fucking,
it doesn't have an itch.
He's holding a big Mac.
Yeah,
because he kept doing that.
They were like,
that was like the straw they're
making himself.
I was like,
look,
right now I got an itchy legs.
I'm just scratching my leg.
And then they got rid of,
I can understand why Mcdonald's is mad.
I want to eat.
I want doctor Giudice this just because you and I,
it's sparked a debate is this extreme confidence and comfortable with one
section,
which is my,
my vote.
I don't think so.
I think a lack of awareness,
as mad as I am at Terry boundaries for ruining our business.
You think lack of awareness,
lack of boundaries,
shameless shamelessness and I,
and I,
and I do get that in today's social media culture that there's less shame when
it comes to reporting your personal life.
I feel differently.
I feel
liberated that the fact that he has no shame is something that should be
celebrated and encouraged.
And not only that,
I find him to be the chairman of the Cool Guy Club.
That's a cool guy,
is a cool guy.
I like his electric guitar.
That's what cool guys kill the guys do,
do.
Um,
why do I feel Yucky watching Terry?
If it's a cool guy,
he makes me feel yucky inside.
No,
I mean,
I feel pretty cool right now.
Feel cool.
I feel like we're,
when's Terrie gonna do another video?
That's the best part.
Like,
hey guys,
what's up?
It's scary.
I'm just here to review the Qar reviewer who's like the brand new BMW Tom on
boxing this dildo.
It's so,
it's too casual.
That's what goes talking about the Toyota supra.
I went today's competition.
Yeah,
I know.
He's a,
he's very comfortable.
I don't,
I would actually like to hear what Dr drew says.
I think it's,
I think he needs to have,
I think a little bit of shame is healthy.
A little awareness and Blake,
what's proper to put on the,
you just shouldn't put yourself on the Internet doing that.
I know.
By the way,
if you are feeling generous,
maybe it's a good week to get some merge.
Um,
we kind of lost a lot of money,
so
we restocked some of the hot sellers and
yeah,
there's mugs,
socks,
shirts,
hats,
everything.
There's some new stuff
coming to brown talk,
you know what I mean?
Obviously I don't want to,
yeah,
whatever you can tell I want to push.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
That's just what,
just what happens when your show feature.
Cool guy.
So we have been going in the cool guy way.
It's this show is a celebration of the coolest guys.
If you're thinking alarming.
Yeah.
I don't like them at all.
But we talked about Terri as we went away on our,
we redid our 10 year anniversary night.
Yes.
And we went,
we stayed somewhere lovely.
And we had a marital loves [inaudible] and then we took a shower together.
Yeah.
Yeah it was nice.
This place we stayed at,
they had his and her showers,
which was really,
it was,
it was cool.
We've never done that before.
Yeah.
And Justice,
I'm pouring this lovely lavender shampoo and in my hands
that was the one we made that up.
But that's the originator of the cool guys were making love,
you know.
Oh I feel like this guy started the goal guy club.
Oh he's bit,
yeah,
try it out guy.
One of the,
no I think this guy is a pretty,
he's also the founder rob.
That guy started.
Cool guy cause he's pretty cool.
He's the Oji right?
Yeah.
But then we did take it a little shyness is saying as I,
I poured out some lavender shampoo to put on my hair.
I was smelling the shampoo and I thought this is funny.
This lavender doesn't smell good.
It smells off.
Yeah.
And I looked at you and I go,
did you fart?
Yup.
Yes.
I know you farted so badly in the shower.
And it was so sad cause I was like,
oh babe,
we should get one of these with our Mcdonald's money.
We should put this,
this kind of shower in our house.
It's so romantic.
We can talk about the show together and shower.
Yeah.
Bad.
That's a r.
T you farted so bad.
So bad.
It was so bad.
It was much worse than I had anticipated,
but can't,
couldn't you tell it was going to be stinky before I came out?
I didn't.
I didn't sense that was come.
If I knew what came out was in the chamber,
I wouldn't have done it.
It was so horrific.
I Dunno.
I Dunno what it was.
What that was the,
was that the morning one or the evening one?
No,
it was a morning.
I thought.
No,
no shit.
That was evenings.
No,
no morning cause I was washing my hair.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Uh,
bad fish the night before.
Filet a fish maybe.
No.
Yeah,
that was cool.
And then,
um,
it was a bad,
bad.
It was a bad fart.
So thanks.
And then,
uh,
we haven't been close to each other shitting in a long time since I was
Silverlake days.
Yeah.
And it was really neat because right next to the bedroom there was a toilet and
you wa made Brown.
And I thought to myself,
Gosh,
I can hear everything.
That was bad.
Why isn't he closing the door?
I didn't
realize this was such a nice,
so what happened was we went to this hotel and in the hotel
there was,
they gave us an upgrade.
So you know,
I paid for a room and we got there and I think because we were,
were doing like this makeup date,
right,
of like our celebration in a nursery that the people who arranged it knew that.
And they,
when we got there,
they were like basically a room is available that no one is buying that day.
So they go,
we're going to upgrade you and there's a much better route.
Sure.
And it had um,
you know,
from the bedroom to the shower,
like in the,
in order to the bathroom in the bathroom you could shut a door in the bathroom,
but there was also doors that separate the bathroom itself from the bedroom.
I didn't shut that door.
Right.
And it was,
it was cool because I got to hear like,
you know when you,
um,
you know someone's on the toilet,
like the toilet farts then like a regular farm cause it's this,
the acoustics are different and it comes out fast.
No,
yours are like
pretty like sputtering,
like you know,
soft serve ice cream when it runs out at the end,
pop,
like um,
like a carburetor trying to turn over.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
I
And I was like close the door and I yelled at to you,
close the door.
I want to hear you,
but I forgot how sick your,
your doot doot sound.
They don't sound healthy at all.
It was fine.
Everything was,
that's normal early fine.
Yeah.
Well you went to the doctor and you had your prostate exam.
Um,
I did.
uh,
I will,
tell you all about it here.
Okay.
Oh Man,
I don't know if you know this or not,
but um,
but we have new bills to pay and each will be right back.
Yeah.
So I went back to the business.
I went to get a physical first time in a year and a half,
cause I want a little longer than I should have.
And [inaudible] first of all,
I,
uh,
I'm not going to give you the number is I'm a very ashamed of my body,
but,
um,
I only weigh five pounds more than I did when I first saw my doctor,
uh,
12 years ago.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah.
Congratulations.
Sorry to go.
We went through the weights and he was like,
oh my God,
cause it's great.
It was like,
let's see,
2008 UAA.
Then 2009 2010 to the end.
He started for,
and he was like 2014 he was like,
oh my God.
Wow.
That was,
that was a tough year.
Way Up there.
Then I did,
I didn't even see him the next year.
Yeah,
the baby at 2015 no,
because I was so out of shape was,
I remember they call it and like you wanna do a physical.
I was like,
ah,
I'm on the road and then I,
I wouldn't go see him.
I didn't want to,
I knew that if I went to see him,
he'd be like,
yeah,
yeah.
Well,
we gained a lot of weight with my first pregnancy.
You and I would go eat breakfast and then get dessert with breakfast every time.
Every time.
Every day.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
It was fun.
I really liked being really fat.
I am still fat,
but I like the just throwing it all away,
being really fat when you just go like,
fuck it,
we're going to go full truck.
I'm not a model.
That's the best part about being a comedian.
And then everyone,
everyone's such a piece of shit that they're like,
I love when you're fat.
They still tell me now I liked you more fat.
And I'm like,
God damn.
What a cool thing to say to somebody for you to be no terrible cause you stay
fat so that we find you funny.
So they took all this blood,
of course p texted to check all your berm.
Yeah,
they ran an EKG and then he's like,
all right,
it's time to do the uh,
old a prostate exam,
check your oil because finger all the way into mine.
And Man,
this was different.
It's my second time.
The first time he did it,
he did what I actually ended up staying in my special,
which is,
he was like,
no,
this is my cock.
I mean my finger.
But it was like,
honestly kind of gentle and it really wasn't,
I mean it was quick and uncover,
you know,
this time he's like,
I'm getting lube.
And I was like,
okay.
And I'm facing the wall.
And then he went immediately all the weight without a warning.
Just all the way in and dug around and I was like,
ah.
And he,
he can't,
I go,
Whoa,
whoa.
And he's like,
come on Doug.
It around like really fingered me really hard.
Then he scooped it out.
Yeah,
he goes,
me,
see if there's any blood in your shit.
And I was like,
okay.
And I'm sitting there looking at the wall like,
what the fuck just happened?
And I'm like,
dude,
you're really not chill with fingering.
Like if you finger girls the way you figured my ass.
And he's like,
that's not how I finger girls.
And then he just,
he just goes,
there's tissues next to you,
clean your ass.
And he walked out.
Yeah.
Fuck our tissues.
And then did you wipe brand?
I had to wipe.
Yeah.
And there was,
there was jelly and Brown all over.
Horrible,
horrible.
And I felt like really sore.
Yeah,
of course.
And I just kept thinking about Terry.
I kept thinking about Terry talking about,
you know how that toy had a big head on it.
Yeah.
That was also like,
man,
how do people put Dixon their butts?
It kind of gives me joy that you suffered in a doctor.
Thank you so much.
You know not to,
but we do that shit every year.
You get a fucking finger in your butt,
you get stuff up your cooch.
I've had two babies and you,
all you do is stand there and watch.
It's true.
And I've had my stuff.
Yeah,
it wasn't,
it's just nice to know that you're finally getting your button.
Yeah,
yeah.
Thanks.
No,
it was very uncomfortable.
And then he called me today.
He was like,
oh guess what?
Um,
everything came back great.
And uh,
I've never been on cholesterol medication guys.
Like your cholesterol is down just from the lifestyle.
So that's great.
Just eating all the Mcdonald's for that week.
He's like,
I have to eat at Mcdonald's.
And I was like,
no,
not anymore.
So yeah,
that was great.
Cool.
So,
uh,
well good.
So you're healthy,
I mean healthy somewhat.
Sure.
Yeah.
I mean I'm healthy enough to probably get through the year.
She is tight.
I don't know.
We got two kids,
man.
I know.
I'm going to try to live two kids,
two dogs,
big life.
Speaking of dogs,
we're having a cocktail,
you sugar,
the physical.
We were having this conversation because we,
um,
you know,
we've had these dogs now for years and,
and we love our dogs,
but there's this thing
because I post pictures of them on the gram and people are like,
they mistaken bitsy for Fifo.
Pretty stupid that this guy's the array.
You're wearing an Oji FIFO shirt,
Theo,
it was his original name.
And then 20 folks is the best guess on the aim black.
Yeah.
Well,
Betsy is,
uh,
is the pure breed pure bred dog and a fief is the rescue from the hood.
And anyway,
there's this thing that happens when people start telling you this,
when you're about to have a kid,
if you have a dog,
they're like,
oh,
that poor dog you,
you know,
he doesn't know that he's about to get a lot less attention.
And you're like,
that's inconceivable because the dog is your world.
If you're like,
if you're a couple and that's your dog,
you know,
and man,
they're right.
They're totally right.
Like he was,
art happens,
he was 24 seven because what happens is you have all that love and attention.
You're putting it on this,
this animal that you legitimately adore.
But when you have children,
it's not that you go like fuck this dog,
it's that you then not only do you want to,
but you have to put so much energy into the human baby that you just have.
You start to have a little less time.
Right?
Can't like manage every moment.
I'm poor fif like I try to make time for faith and bits throughout the day.
They sleep with us at night and we give them nighttime as that's what it looks
like the end of the day they come onto the bed,
we watch our shows,
they lay on us,
but it does feel like less.
And I feel guilty and Fefe has also now,
you know with dogs he's,
he's now like kind of an older guy,
right?
He's a little bit of an old meds and stuff.
And one of the great thrills of that dog is seen like when you open the backyard
door to let him out and he sees a squirrel,
a bunny now,
or sometimes a mouse or something or rat,
right?
Like you'll see and the dogs are writers,
they're bred to,
they were bred to be wrapped from Belgium and they're meant to,
to find rats inside of barns.
You see the DNA,
you see the instincts take over and so cool his eyes,
she'll kill,
kill bug out and hair stands up.
And he's like,
oh.
And then he's just charged up for a while.
He's like walking around like,
you know,
you just fired up.
He's an older guy now.
Of course,
he's never actually gotten any of those animals.
Right.
But it's just,
there's a thrill thing.
So we were thinking that it'd be pretty cool.
Um,
just to get like,
just to get them a win.
You know,
sometimes you're like,
this guy needs a win that we would go and get,
uh,
a rabbit,
maybe from a,
a breeder or like,
I don't know if they do rescue rabbits or something.
And,
uh,
basically make it slow,
like break one of his shakes and then
let fif catch him,
you know,
so I can get the thing for exactly.
So,
you know,
you go and you're like,
I want to rescue a button.
And they're like,
ah,
I'm great.
Yeah,
we go to a rescue.
And they're like,
oh,
you guys are such good people.
You're rescuing this rabbit.
Nobody wants him and be like,
just so you know,
for its diet.
And we're like,
yeah,
no,
I got it.
And they're like,
well,
it's pretty specific,
like,
man,
did you?
Yeah.
And then like in the car,
we take it out to the car and I take a hammer and I break both of his legs.
We go to the backyard and we just put it in the backyard and it's like,
I dunno what it,
and they're like,
go.
And then he was like,
I got this mother fucker.
And he just,
I don't know,
strangles it or something.
A rag doll.
He just,
yeah,
I could kill it like shark week did.
Yeah,
you take a bunny,
you know,
you throw it against the wall.
Kind of just shock it and then that feeds go.
But my favorite part is when the person at the shelter is like,
you guys are the best people.
Nobody wants these rabbits on.
Yeah,
I know.
And then they do the followup visits.
Like they were like,
oh,
see how nibbles is doing?
And we're like,
well we had a problem.
What'd you do?
What happened?
I accidentally stomped on both of his legs,
but you wouldn't have to do that to their rescue bunny because in my mind,
these are two different scenarios.
The rescue rabbit's probably going to be fucked up already.
Is it like it might be like bread or bread or bread,
you know what I mean?
It might have,
it might be like a rescue from like the cosmetics industry.
So it's eyes are blind.
We should rescue behind one of line.
Rabbit doesn't know what the hell is going on.
What we need is we need a rabbit in a confined space.
Yeah.
It's a thing there so fast.
I watched them chase there
fucking fast,
but we need a,
we need to capture a rabbit.
Put in more like a little room and then put fifa.
How do we slow the squirrel down?
We could shoot a squirrel with a BB gun so that it's just slow down.
Slow down.
That's a really good idea.
Are you a good shot?
I'm decent.
Yeah.
Maybe that's what we do is just shoot score.
I want to make it make it
clear.
I am not in favor of hurting any animals unless it leads to my dog getting,
okay,
don't send me this shit about don't hurt animals.
I know that.
I love my,
but it's for our dog is entertainment.
We love our dog and it's a give him a boost.
He's a Co,
you know what it is.
It's like an old guy getting some Viagra.
You don't.
When the old guy pops,
have I ever,
he's like,
this thing gets hard again and he's got a little swag.
That's all I want for my dog.
It's like when I'm old,
George Bush was like grabbing asses.
He was in the wheelchair and kind of old and
that was his joke.
A bad joke was a,
you know,
my favorite magician is,
and they're like,
no,
what?
Who?
He was like David Copperfield.
Yeah,
I believe you.
This is 100% true.
Oh,
I like that photo op.
It was during photo ops and he'd be like,
he was like,
come lean down.
And then they would me know and then I'd be like,
here's a cute lady in a dress.
And he's like,
DM low.
My favorite
David Copperfield.
Whoa.
Yeah,
I like that.
You know,
I,
we talked about it like I got,
I thought it was such bullshit that the people would be like,
I was so hurt and affect me.
Yeah.
He's old as shit.
A 90 year old guy grabs your ass and you're like,
Nah,
I didn't know.
He's fucking old.
Didn't even know what's going on.
What's going on it four teeth left in his mouth.
He just,
just fucking,
I don't know what you just put your titties in his face for a second.
I don't know if I do all that,
but it's like an old ass guy,
like the tip of his Dick.
Just squeeze the tip.
You squeeze his tip.
I'm going to come in my hand.
Oh Babe.
I'm just like fucking base that comes out of it.
Have you ever worked in an old folks home?
Oh yeah.
I like six,
seven years.
I worked in her office.
No,
of course not.
Well,
in high school I had to do Christian service hours and we had to deal with old
people.
Let me tell you if they've got the energy and the Moxie to do what you just
said,
that whole set up punch thing,
Amy and a magician and I'd be like,
dude,
good for you.
Like at least you have the energy and the will to live enough to do that.
I'd give it to them.
We let them have,
because most of them are just laying in their own pissed at that stage.
They're not an old trail.
They fuck a lot when they,
when they can get around.
That's what I hear that the male old folks homes have a lot of STDs said.
I like your dad.
No folks homes,
we have a lot of sexually transmitted diseases.
What's the word?
I can't say the r word anymore.
The mentally challenged people,
what do they call?
Can't say that.
I can't say the r word.
A fucking column now.
Blue.
Bam.
You're a millennial.
Mentally challenged.
They get around to sure.
I've heard they like to fuck.
Okay,
that's true.
Do you know speaking of that word we have?
Um,
no,
don't,
don't dismiss it as a true,
they're very random.
I know,
but we have built,
this is pretty amazing.
We have somebody,
I think she's a,
she's teaching English as a second language.
Yeah.
I don't think you've seen this.
This lady is teaching this and theirs is,
is it on Youtube?
Like she puts this up out.
How does that work?
Yeah,
this is a popular youtube channel that's trying to teach English as a second
language.
Okay.
And uh,
just a heads up all the comments on this or like,
oh,
they're not really great at English.
Like,
oh,
their workings of the language.
That's pretty funny.
Yeah.
So,
and this is one of the main,
I guess teachers have it here.
This lady,
I think she's one of them.
She's one of them.
Yeah.
Let's,
let's see what she says about English.
It's pretty good.
Have you spoken to someone over the phone?
Oh my God,
this person is so unprofessional or so uninter rested to,
I'm going to help you with a couple of ways that would help you to talk right
over the phone.
So the first drink that I have for you is mentioned your name when you answer
the call and also make sure you have a nice happy,
friendly tone when you answer the call.
Okay.
That's pretty good.
So far,
so good
trick that I have for you is speak clearly.
God is important for you to pronounce your words well.
Yeah,
of course.
Please do a wide mumbling or talking too fast or gushing.
This would not help the color to understand what you was saying.
Yeah,
but that's doesn't mean gushing,
gushing like,
oh no.
Yeah,
you can see that minister using,
oh,
okay.
She is when you're like overly complimentary.
Right.
But I mean,
you know,
she's saying she's still on point with what you heard.
So first one that I have for you is use your words,
right?
It doesn't make sense if you are talking to your boss or if you were talking to
your grandmother and you use the team language or you use slangs like you would
go,
Hey,
what's up?
So are you having fun?
Are Hardcore Fun.
Your boss or your grand mom would think you are completely retarded.
So use your words right.
That fits the listener.
Tom
is crazy.
Are you?
So are you having hardcore fun,
hardcore,
fun,
hardcore?
I cannot believe she said that.
She said the ROR she did.
That's terrible.
That's not hardcore fund at all.
You know,
supposed to do are completely retarded.
Oh my God.
Yeah,
that is not okay.
That is not okay.
Um,
offended.
Are you upset?
I'm very upset.
You can't tell that I'm upset right now.
I'm very,
very,
I'm very upset.
Right?
Do you are completely retarded.
We're retarded.
Are you having fun that somebody produces?
I learn language,
video and like put that out there.
Is that old or is it like recent?
Uh,
that I'm not sure.
You don't know?
I'm more concerned about how
you're going to have hardcore fun.
Like that's a phrase,
at least the r word,
but hardcore funds,
not even a,
Hey,
what's up?
Are you having hardcore fun
fuck her in the head one day down here beside the garage.
The door.
She called me out or retarded.
How's going knock her in the head with a Claw Hammer?
It will knock on to here with a Claw Hammer.
Yeah,
that's,
that's pretty intense.
A heated debate in that your mom's house history is,
is it are worded or just our word and I want to say the word.
I'll get in trouble.
You should never say it.
You can say our word.
You can't say the real word right?
You can't,
you can't say it.
Uh,
man.
Um,
all right.
Let's,
um,
let's get our buddy in here.
Right.
Let's get,
or we can do that.
We can do it between them,
right.
We're going to do him between the dark web site.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
We'll do them between,
okay.
Okay.
Unless you want to do it now.
I know.
What do you think we can,
we can choose.
We can pick and choose
sub she gene,
let's just get them in here now.
Once you get in there.
Okay,
let's go to our word.
Yeah.
Are you?
Hello?
How are you?
Are you having a hardcore fun?
I'm having hardcore,
fun,
hard
core hard fucking court by let's do it near.
Is Josh Potter coming in?
All right.
It is that time again.
One of our dear friends,
great comedian,
uh,
excellent producer is joining us for another segment of his jock hotter every
year.
Alright.
Josh spotters here.
See I did that right then.
Just bulled.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It doesn't play.
Nah,
just happens.
Close to play.
I know.
I'm coming
dude.
Um,
outside of COBB's in San Francisco,
when we were there,
there was a woman crying like that.
Very sounded just like that just from seeing you.
I guess she was outside the show after my set.
You were on stage and she was just like,
and I was like going to approach her to see what was going on,
but then some other dip shit came up and was like,
we've got a goal.
And like,
and they were in the show you think?
Yeah,
they were wasted.
Uh,
she got kicked out.
I think that's what happened.
That's probably best.
Yeah.
I love when a drunk person gets kicked out so well deserved.
And then they write to you and they're like,
I'm sorry,
go,
go.
Can I get tickets to the next day?
Come back and do that again.
So great.
Um,
I'll mention it again,
but before I forget,
I'm very excited to announce a lot of people listen to this show the show love
you Josh Potter and you are going to be doing a show,
I believe that's Friday.
Friday,
is that correct?
Assert Friday,
March 22nd at the Improv lab.
I'll tickets are on sale now.
We will post that link everywhere.
You'll post it on your Twitter.
I'll post it on mine.
You posted on yours.
But listen to me.
There's a reason I brought this guy all over the country,
so he's hilarious.
Go to the show.
If you're la based,
it's a Friday night.
It'd be a fun time.
You're going to do a long set.
Yeah,
I'm pumped for it,
dude.
I'm excited to come.
I'll get faded with some hard.
You always have good stuff for us.
Josh,
what's your,
what are you going to show us today?
Well,
uh,
we all know scumbags in comedy.
Yes.
We've brought them up plenty of times.
Yeah.
I spent my early life living in the lowest rung of show business,
which is broadcast radio,
which is unnecessarily comedy.
Can look down on radio.
Yeah,
exactly.
Only legs,
like segment of entertainment that we can be like,
oh,
fucking radio guys.
Yeah.
And here in Hollywood we know of scumbags in every realm of entertainment.
Yes.
But I don't think enough people realize the scumbag baggery that occurs in
broadcast ratings.
Do you think that is Josh?
Because it's the lowest rung of show business.
It takes an animal to,
to thrive in that environment and animal to thrive.
Meaning,
like what the moving around the,
Oh,
the,
the uh,
you know,
not knowing your future,
moving around,
uh,
just the nature of doing a morning zoo show.
Yeah.
It's gotta be tough.
Ultimate scum baggery occurs there.
Now I want to preface this by saying the guys I work with primarily in my
career.
Super Cool.
Super Nice,
right?
Everybody was talented and they evolved with time.
Not like so many others.
No.
Before you get into this,
how,
just how experienced you are and radio.
Oh yeah.
And you,
you worked in radio for a dozen years.
Since I was 16.
Until now or until last year,
basically till I was 30.
And I work primarily with and Reagan and buffalo who are getting super great.
But there was a moment where I thought I was going to elevate my career and I
moved to Cleveland and uh hmm.
I worked on a morning show there with some psychopaths.
In fact,
the first gentleman that I bring up in my scumbags radio,
uh,
is actually the guy that I chose to replace me.
And this is his mug shot up on the screen.
If it's going to take a look.
He chose to replace you?
Yes.
I resigned from my position because I couldn't work with these psychopaths and
uh,
went back to buffalo and they were like,
who do you think should replace you?
And I was like,
this guy looks good.
And uh,
oh,
this his name is Jay Spooner.
Wait,
why is he shirtless and his mugshot?
Is that a,
well,
there's a few theories on that.
Uh,
there's some people that speculate that he was just arrested that way.
That's a pretty good speculation.
Yeah,
I would say so.
But others have then noted that,
uh,
the municipality in which he was apprehended requires you to take your shirt off
for the mugshot.
I don't know why they would do that.
Maybe again,
it humiliation to get a peek at that sweet superman tech.
Pretty Tattoos.
Yeah,
right.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Just to judge your slobby shouldn't body,
it could be added humiliation to the way that that a sheriff,
a Rainbow Guy,
how you used to put people in pink chips.
I think they're like,
you gotta take your shirt off.
It's required by law.
And then they make you make you look like an idiot like this,
but this scumbag Burt would do real well.
Okay.
Well he wouldn't have even had a should go.
He goes,
you request to take your shirt off at a mugshot.
But what this gentleman did?
Yeah,
he used his profile on the radio,
uh,
to help a friend from elementary school who has cystic fibrosis raise money for
a go fund me.
He thought,
you know what?
I'm going to bring attention to this.
Go Fund me page.
We'll raise a bunch of money.
They did and then he funneled it all into his bank account.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Wow.
Real special move.
Yeah.
How do you figure you're going to get away with that?
And you said what?
That the school,
was it a what?
What type of school?
You said it starts with an e.
I.
L.
A.
O.
And.
L.
He knew her since elementary school.
Oh,
lemon LMO.
Yes.
Okay.
So is that,
am I saying it differently than you guys know that?
That sounds right.
Say it again.
How do you sell them in?
Hmm.
No,
that's a different way of saying yes,
sure.
You vote the played that the buffalo way of saying I don't believe so.
I think that that's the queries,
the queen's English ELA men.
Nobody says elementary or literally the first guy.
I never heard of that one.
That was able to complete sentences and pay for things that says I love men.
Terry,
you hear it that way?
Who said that?
I don't know.
I never knew.
I said it weird until just now.
And your parents aren't foreigners?
Yeah,
they are.
My Dad is a complete for,
oh,
that's a foreign,
it's elementary and elementary.
Elementary.
Yeah.
Joe.
Element.
So,
well this is a real special dude.
Yeah.
So I mean,
and then there's actual,
yeah,
well you can go on youtube and find videos of him lying to people.
Like he also scammed the guy who made his website for this charity.
Uh,
he scammed some people out of a,
he posted on craigslist a rental home that he did not own Wa and then accepted
payments for it up to $8,000.
Wow.
What's Mild Shadow?
What he,
is he in jail right now?
Uh,
he is,
as a matter of fact,
she was sentenced to 30 months in jail because he also during the investigations
for the first couple of scams,
yeah,
he uh,
obviously got fired from the radio station and then a family friend brought him
in and said,
you know what,
work at my bar while you're trying to get back on your feet.
And while he was there he stole blank checks and then wrote out checks for
$6,000.
Yeah.
I mean you gotta think in this day and age again hot like this stuff is so
traceable and trackable.
But it is like this fascinating thing you were saying though about the radio
business.
Cause you do get to go like I am officially in show business,
you know what I mean?
Like you're,
you,
you stepped into and you have,
you can work in pretty low radio and still like you run into,
you mean celebrities come into your studio course,
right?
So it's like this,
but you make no money.
That's crazy to me.
No matter what you make pot poverty level of money.
So I can like,
I can understand maybe this guy,
he had a kid,
you know,
maybe he was just a really up against it.
But also these radio folks have a lot of demons.
A lot of them have gambling issues.
A lot of them have a drinking and drug issues.
So,
uh,
he,
I didn't know anything about those types of things with him when I met him.
Right.
You get everything but the money in most,
oh my God,
you get access.
Yeah.
Arable.
Yeah,
tons of access.
You get backstage at the fucking Beyonce concert and you're just meeting,
you know,
you're
celebrity without money is the fucking,
it's still work.
Somebody who was on a reality show on the 90s it's the worst thing ever because
people will yell at you on the streets and stuff like,
Hey Christina,
are we stupid bitch road rules?
And then you have no way to insulate yourself from p right.
No Way.
And it's all sources
post to like glad hanged clients and people who are like advertisers and you
can't even compete with them in terms of social interaction because you have no
money to like turn on terrain.
Told me of a radio guy.
I don't think he's one of the people featured here who was like,
uh,
he had,
he was in,
let's say he had played sports and he was like,
I'm not paying for anything at this.
Oh yeah,
yeah.
Our end.
Like,
like it was just that thing.
He was like,
I'm not like,
they,
they should just comp it.
Yeah.
And then they did.
And a lot of people operate on that level,
especially former athletes in the broadcast around because they're so used to
being,
uh,
you know,
taking care of all the way along.
And then they start working in radio and people kind of slight them a little bit
cause down there and radio.
Right.
But then they're like,
I'm still a shit.
Yeah.
And they get their way a lot of times.
And a lot of times,
not just athletes,
but radio guys.
I remember talking to a few that all drove free vehicles because they spot an
endorsement.
You got you,
you try to supplement your income with endorsements and appearances and things
like that.
Kinda think it's so unnatural to set your alarm to wake up.
At what time did you wake up?
Three 30 in the morning or five in Cleveland.
I woke up at three.
That's what I'm,
and so it's three in the morning.
Everybody is still dark and then you're expected to be like,
hey everybody
normal.
No,
the whole thing is so unnatural and like some of those does morning shows to oh
my fuck no.
All right.
You can deal with it.
I don't.
Uh,
I,
I worked for a very good one,
so I understand.
I've seen the others and then you understand the laziness.
I understand as a comic not going in there and not being excited about it.
That's for sure.
You know,
the other thing that,
that,
that change w with like,
even though the truth is there's,
there's a narrative among some podcasts is that they're like,
radio is dead and podcasting is that,
and it's cool that podcasting has grown so much.
Radio is still definitely something that more Americans listened to without a
doubt.
I've seen the statistics on it,
but there was no money being,
there's no content.
And the truth is in some markets it is a total waste of time to do as promotion
for your show.
But like the club will have a history with them,
you know what I mean?
So that we like come do this show and you can go on the show for two fucking
hours and kill and you're like,
so what happened to the phone lines?
Are they blow up?
Like,
did I sell a bunch of tickets?
No,
nothing happened.
Why?
Well,
no,
because no one listens to that fucking show here.
I literally,
I have wanted to go on those radio shows where no one's listening and be like,
ah,
if anybody shows up to my show tonight at this club,
I will personally,
I'll give you a blow job if you tell me you heard me on this shot.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's never happened now.
Yeah,
man,
the Fargo North Dakota has missing out.
Yeah,
I have this next gentleman.
Okay.
Maybe he did his show down back in the day.
Although,
I mean,
I just really like to suck.
Cock actually big black coffee.
Hmm.
Okay.
Well it kind of transitions well into this next gentleman.
The grease man.
This guy was in where he was in Washington DC.
That's where he was most notable.
Stern.
You still read really back in the day.
He's still works.
Believe it or not.
We'll get into that in a little bit,
but,
um,
I'm gonna let first,
I want you to hear what this type of show this guy does.
Let's listen to some of his humor.
Oh,
okay.
Yeah.
Check it out.
Let's,
let's try this out.
Try it out.
Mr Grease,
man,
you said you,
you're listening to the grease man on DC one on one.
Oh,
you know what I'm getting here?
No,
no,
we're getting complaints.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to stop talking about it anytime now,
but I can't have it.
I got there.
I mean,
I like makes me more raw.
Yeah,
no,
I got it.
This is like the guy that's like,
I want a woman drag me to the pain clinic.
Yeah.
It's similar,
right?
It's very similar.
He's making,
he's making a pleat all the ugly women in his listening audience that he is a
dumpster diver and he is ready to just get down with it.
That's the type of humor you get with it,
man.
Yeah.
And he had that.
He did make a lot of weird noises and he'd be like,
new grease man.
Why don't doodle and they make things like that.
Uh,
but let's listen to some of his,
uh,
humor that he got in trouble for.
Oh,
okay.
A talk show host Joe Madison and his listeners spent the evening talking about
the grease man and the comment the country is now talking about Wednesday after
playing a song by Grammy Award winner Lauryn Hill,
the grease man said,
no wonder people,
drag them behind trucks.
Reference to the killing of a black man in Jasper,
Texas,
the grease man for years and equal opportunity offender later offered this
apology.
I'm truly sorry for the pain and hurt I've caused with land feeling comment.
I could take it back.
I would.
This is from mark was a grave error in my judgment.
It sounded genuine.
Yeah.
He's doing his lackey voice as lawyer while due to Lama.
I'm sorry for saying racist Shit.
Now you might think,
you know,
maybe he slipped up once you know your dancing that line for four hours a day.
You know you might make a mistake here and there.
It's not the first time the grease man got in trouble.
Really?
No,
it wasn't the first time the grease man made a racially offensive remark.
Back in 1986 the grease man was talking about the Martin Luther King holiday and
said,
kill for more and we can take a whole week off cause old station WWDC was
picketed and the grease man defended his comments.
Anybody that listens to my show regularly and knows me personally,
he knows that I'm not a bigot.
I despise racism.
Hi.
She said I despise.
I don't think it's a good time by the way,
to wish everyone a happy Martin Luther King.
That's right.
Today as we record the show and yes,
that's true.
Yes.
But we can celebrate the whole week as the grease man says.
Uh,
but yeah,
he didn't get fired for that first comment.
We stayed on the air.
There was outrage.
There was outrage for him in 86 yeah,
that's how racist this shit was.
Yeah.
20 1986 they were like,
you really shouldn't be talking again.
In the second instance where he actually got fired was 99 so even Jesus,
even then you could be a completed really push it.
But wow.
Like every cockroach in this business.
He resurface in Jacksonville,
Florida,
and he stayed on the air there until 2010 and then they just,
the station went in a different direction.
He didn't even unceremoniously get fired from that job.
Believe it or not,
he just,
and now he does an Internet radio show.
So you can check the grease man out.
God,
see if he's still slips up now he can say whatever the fuck he wants.
Sure.
So everybody's saying the grease ball.
Um,
w what kind of money you think he was making at the end there?
Oh,
at the end?
Yeah.
Jacksonville.
Jacksonville stuff.
Yeah,
probably not much.
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say like,
I'm going to say generously.
60 grand.
Really?
Yeah.
Really.
It had to have been low.
I mean he was on the morning show.
He was doing afternoon drive.
Okay.
So it's like the second,
that's the second tier.
Yeah,
second best.
So that's first is morning.
Morning.
Yeah.
The pride of the top.
That's the top pane.
Then thrive time is the then afternoon drive.
Then maybe mid days and nights.
Wow.
Yeah.
Or you can be like me and get a million jobs and do mornings,
nights,
all of them and just get paid the same.
That's true.
That is cool.
Yeah.
The grease man,
like it's not even really an attempt at humor.
That's a thing.
It's just blatant.
Like shittery I think he would disagree.
Yeah.
Wild would be funny is not,
not even to talk to him,
to find the person who goes,
you know,
who really makes me laugh.
The grease man.
That's who I would talk.
So it was like,
what?
What's your favorite part?
You know,
he's like,
what's not fucking holding somebody does think he's,
that's what I'm saying.
He had a whole audience for all along ass
ugly,
just to keep people's attention.
Hey guys,
gals,
like you got some great pipes.
Is this last band and Rolf piece of garbage.
This last man is actually my spirit animal.
He's,
he's my favorite.
He's like a scumbag that I revere and he's like a special sort.
So here's what it looks like.
It looks really well.
Real.
Uh,
yeah.
He's a straight laced newsman actually from buffalo in Buffalo.
Yeah,
he was totally straight lace.
We can listen to a little bit of him.
He didn't have the voice or anything.
He was totally buttoned up.
Uh,
if you want to bring that clip up.
But yeah,
he worked in news radio,
Wgu,
well 72 was the high where it's 66 degrees now.
The weather brought to you by settlers on the Bible,
a nine and a half.
The GRF 55 surprise.
I want to try for somebody right now,
see if I can get ahold of a contestant.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Basically he's a straight up news dude.
What's his name?
His name is Frank Benny.
And he was on in the sixties,
seventies,
eighties.
He went all the way through the decades,
but uh,
he had demons like so many do.
He had a big drinking problem.
He also was a bit of a Gambler,
spent a lot of money on gambling.
And what he did was one day in the 70s,
uh,
he finished his broadcast at 10:00 AM,
left the studio,
went back to a suburb of Buffalo Snyder and robbed a bank.
Why?
Yeah.
Right after he got off the air.
Yup.
In the 70s.
So you could still kind of get away with it back then?
Well,
he did not,
uh,
moments later after the robbery,
he went in with a,
a stocking over his face and a toy gun.
By the way.
It was later found out it was to be a toy gun,
but after the robbery,
he,
he left with about a $503 and went home to his home and Williamsville and was
greeted by Amhurst police with guns drawn in his driveway and then had to do a
real prison sentence.
No,
he pled temporary insanity.
Wow.
And got away with it and the judge sentenced him to two months in the hospital.
Ah.
So he,
he went to the hospital for two months.
Within six months of the robbery,
he was back on the air at Wgu.
Yes.
Because he,
uh,
was found guilty through temporary insanity there.
Public outcry and public sympathy and management recognized that and said,
due to public sympathy,
we are going to give him his job.
Oh my God.
Shit.
So he was fired.
He was fired.
Yeah,
of course.
And then they were like,
ah,
get the bank robber back in here.
Yeah.
But this was the seventies you know,
people were way less thrilled.
Would it be to rob a bank?
You think so?
Think about it all.
Oh my God,
that's your crime.
Like if you could do,
besides murder,
we know that's your number one favorite crime that you could do.
I mean,
I think robbing a bank,
I can only imagine what the adrenaline rush is it the terror and people's eyes
that you know,
it's,
that part would be fun.
I'll come.
I mean that's fun to see up stuff.
Course people crying and wondering if they're gonna make it right.
And women,
I think,
you know,
the planning would you,
you would get like this dude,
you'd have moments where you're like calm and then you know,
you do your,
your casing,
the joint,
right?
Like your drive.
How's your,
how are you going to drive out of here?
What's the response time?
All your planning.
But like the day you're like,
I'm going to do it.
I mean,
your heart rate must just be through the roof.
And when you walk in to do it,
you've got to go disguise.
Right.
The mass things too crazy.
You got to do something kind of cool to like a cool mask,
you know,
do like a purge mask or I would like to do that dog mass.
But you got back there,
the dog man.
What if they put out like an APB for the dog,
you know?
Yeah.
You hear them.
That'd be cool.
Then you get a cool name.
Yeah,
like an outlaw name.
Yeah.
Right?
The bark robber.
Yeah.
I thought about this a lot.
When you're in a bank,
do you ever think about a robber coming in and if you take action?
No,
I was satisfied that this is the time.
I always say like,
what if it's right?
Am I going to take action for a fucking bank robber?
No.
Well,
here's where I would,
I would,
uh,
take action if the bank teller was a babe.
Oh yeah.
And that's the only circumstance dude.
And that guy,
the bank robber just takes the butt of a shotgun,
smack your
everything,
your face.
Oh my orbitals busted wide open.
Then you hear that babe telling the cops just like this fucking idiot friends.
You're like,
I was trying to help me.
I will fucking idiot.
Pretty Lady.
I want
to do as a,
I'd want to steal a car.
I feel like that will be,
yeah,
that'd be ultimate old route and that seems attainable as a goal.
I feel like I could learn how to do that now.
Do you want to know why?
I think frank Benny is a genius by the way.
Why?
Because it was a win win situation for him.
He thought he,
by the way,
he was on a crazy gambler.
He was in debt to the Mafia.
Oh,
that's why he robbed banks.
So he robbed the bank.
Oh.
If he got away with it and got money,
he could then pay the people back.
If he didn't get away with it.
It was high profile enough where the mafia couldn't fuck with them.
Right.
Oh,
that is so there are,
there are theories that that say that he was thinking that going in then he is a
fucking real genius.
Yeah.
Dude.
Who borrows money from the mob.
Like you really got to be in your addiction gambling in the 70s.
There was probably a common thing when you have a book,
you write so fucking crazy and uh,
yeah.
And they're the guys that I used to work for,
they have tapes of him cassette tapes from when they were working on the same
station late in this man's career where he is just blasted on the air.
I love it.
It's so fucking hilarious.
Who,
this guy.
Yes.
Cause he would drink on the air after months after a while,
you know,
and he'd just be on there like,
Oh yeah,
75 degrees and shit.
You know,
like he shit his pants.
Um,
don't forget the,
uh,
we use my up.
So when we watched it the other day,
we took our,
our like kind of Redo of our anniversary.
Yeah.
We uh,
we watched one of the rocks movies with scrape called sky,
sky,
sky scraper.
He has one leg,
right?
Yeah.
And the leg and which has nothing to do with the story though,
right?
It doesn't really matter that he has.
Right.
It's one of the dumbest fucking things I've ever seen in my life.
Um,
and you can tell that like it's got,
it has to have a hundred plus million dollar budget and it's one of those
movies.
You can start it up and go to the bathroom and I'll get up and go to the
bathroom.
And Tom's like,
do you want me to pause?
And I'm like,
no,
I can figure it out.
I have a feeling I know what's going to come back.
And you're like,
oh,
there's more screaming and blowing it up.
And yeah,
I got it.
It's so dumb.
But it's entertaining.
It was like,
it's like a,
it's a good one to waste time to popcorn flicks.
Yeah.
It's a real waste time.
But then we got to talking about it.
Right.
What did we get to talking about?
Well,
we were looking at him and he's so big and he's so handsome and thinking,
we were thinking like,
how big is the rocks Dick?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Right.
What is the thing?
Well,
here's the deal,
man,
is that we've been talking about the detectives for years and we've always,
what we've learned is that penis size is not proportionate necessarily to one
statutes.
It's true.
This is true.
So it could be deceiving.
He's a big guy,
but he could have a tiny Peter could it can.
You have no evidence to support or nothing.
It's just all,
it's all theory.
Speculation.
See,
I think the man works so hard and he is constantly overcompensating.
It's either for that small dick or it's because he can't shake his first failure
as a,
as a wrestler back in the day he was a failure as arrest.
There was a moment where he,
when he debuted as rocky my via,
he came out to silence.
Not Booze because booze and wrestling is like you,
you win.
It's the extremes.
The cheers and the booze.
She came out to just lukewarm reception.
This is,
wait,
this is a debut on the big stage?
Yes.
Oh,
okay.
He's like debut is like the blue chipper.
Rocky my via and he came out and no one gave a shit.
Well,
I will say that I enjoy watching him,
how I,
I've watched a few of his dumb movies.
There is another like hurricane.
They're always like one third tornado waterfall.
Thank he.
Overcompensates for a small Dick or I don't think so.
I find him to be deeply confident.
Actually I think he's grounded.
I think he's got a healthy hoggle I think donkey dick where the people are like,
get out of here with that thing.
But I think it's kind of appropriate for being six,
five and two 50 or whatever he is.
Like I think it,
it probably looks like it fits,
I think,
I mean probably has a decent piece.
Yeah.
But on the rock you're expecting this fucking right baby.
If you see the tracks and the,
and the shoulders,
you're just like,
well,
and I don't think it lives up to that.
So the Mediocre Dick on such a frame is disappointing.
But here's the thing,
even a regular size penis,
exact such a frame.
I mean it's going to look really small.
Oh,
definitely.
100%
if it's like,
like if it,
if he had like six and a half,
let's say seven and a half inches,
which is above the average size by a bit on him,
you'd be like,
what's that little fucking like night switch you got free because he's
essentially built like the incredible hall Kodaly.
So how old would you want it to be you,
you're to line up with what your expectations.
It should be 12 inches long,
nine inches in circumference.
It should have the same veins that pop out of his neck and his arms.
And you'd be like,
yeah,
that,
that'll kill some rocks because he's such a specimen.
You expect his dick can also be
a problem is that our expectations are so high for his daughter looked at me.
Yeah.
Low expectations.
I'm going to blow you out of the water.
Oh yeah.
If you're just four and a half and it,
you know,
I don't know if it still works.
You put the rock stick on me.
Yes.
How can I track my big thing about you that I didn't realize?
I thought when you were talking about your delayed ejaculation.
Yeah.
And how it's,
you can't come with women.
I thought you meant like every once in a while that's what happens.
Like in other words,
in verse of that,
actually I didn't understand.
I thought you meant like,
oh,
I can't come all the time with women,
but Tom all the time,
even when you're alone,
you know I can do it alone when I'm with,
when another person is aiding me in that task,
I can't,
it's like,
it feels like stage fright when you're at a urinal.
So it's like eventually I have to like take over and be like,
I'll take care of your dogs.
Never.
Like,
I'm like,
I'm ready.
Let's get it out.
Like,
I mean it is and it isn't.
I mean it is and it can't do it.
It just,
it's like,
it stays hard.
It's there.
It's acting appropriately except for the fact that it just has no punctuation
moment.
But when you're alone,
everything's,
yeah,
I make myself rock out.
Yeah.
Easy.
So do most of your,
your sexual endeavors and with like,
you know,
nothing happens with the girl.
And then when she leaves you're like,
okay,
now finish myself.
I usually finish while she's there.
Oh really?
Yeah.
I can do it myself.
Oh,
you're like,
I'll take care of it.
Yeah.
And she parties like she watched it depends how involved she wants to get some
of them just kind of like [inaudible] of her.
Nothing.
I mean,
not,
not nothing.
I know,
but I mean,
you don't finish,
right.
God.
And what did doctor jury say to you about that?
He went,
he was in the same mom basically said,
you're just disagree.
He's like,
you got to find a way to have her get involved with you.
Yeah.
I got to basically get myself to that point and then like hope and then back,
she hade finish it off on your mouth and your eyes.
That's not gonna.
Yeah.
Or have her take over.
That's,
no,
no.
You finish it.
But she's involved.
I don't know.
Crazy.
Yeah,
it is.
Why wild that you don't,
you can't.
Yeah,
you don't even,
you can't even like a,
uh,
that was a weird,
that I'm getting
weird sometimes how it ends.
Like,
Oh,
I've got to imagine that women feel very insecure when this happens.
I would probably,
I've got to admit,
I would probably be like,
why?
Why can't I do this?
And we're fucked up relationships.
Oh,
it has.
Oh yeah.
Oh,
I bet.
And if you're like,
you're just not hot.
That's,
we got to get the rock to comment on a are you think you'll was for us?
I would like to know what kind of pcs come on rock back there.
You on Dewayne.
Let us know what's up man.
No,
he
raised his eyebrow for sure.
Yeah.
He's like,
you're going to take the people's com.
Don't forget guys.
Uh,
Josh powder.
You're going to see him March 22nd 10:00 PM show at the Improv lab.
Tickets are on sale now.
We'll post the link everywhere and um,
get,
get tickets to see him.
He's absolutely hilarious.
Some pump.
Thanks dude.
Absolutely.
Um,
your mom's house.
We'll be right back.
All right.
This is long overdue and we finally got him here.
He is a comedian,
a director,
and one of the highest ranking white people on the black culture world.
I'm a like,
I'm a lieutenant.
You're like a lieutenant amongst black culture.
It is Neal Brennan.
Yes.
Well,
yes.
No,
I want to explain why I want to be here,
which is I don't listen to the podcast,
but I watched the fuck out of the clips.
Right.
You know,
I watch the fuck out of here.
Out of a,
of an Instagram,
right?
Yeah.
I want to know anytime I've posted anything related to you,
my comments will be flooded with language.
That's like fucking ORC language.
It's like trying like mom jeans,
the jeans.
Yeah,
gene.
So I just,
okay,
so what can we go through?
Just a glossary for the uninitiated.
Sure.
What's with the jeans?
Yeah.
Yes,
yes.
So you probably explained it before that it makes sense.
We get asked a lot,
especially people who go like,
Hey,
I just got into the podcast two weeks ago.
What the fuck is going on?
And there's a lot to cover a lot.
There's a lot though,
but to be so we should start with the basics.
Janes is probably a base.
What the show is based on jeans is like the premise of star wars.
It's the force.
It's what we're inside.
It doesn't mean anything.
Okay.
It comes from the whole thing is based on lingo that the genes things is based
on lingo from our relationship.
Meaning it was like we started to call each other as a joke when we're living in
an apartment.
It's like you're leaving for the day.
I'd be like,
I'm leaving,
I'll be back later.
Mommy.
Right.
Like,
and then that evolved into mommy jeans and then that evolved into dropping mommy
and just saying genes and then you know what I mean?
It's just like
it started to you,
do you know how you see somebody who wears like jeans that are too high and too
tight and you'll get the fuck is it?
So we started to say basically that that person's got it going on like that.
That guy is living life the right way.
Like,
where am high and tight and that when you fuck up when you do something stupid
or embarrassing is cause your genes are low and loose.
Oh.
So it was,
we flipped that on its head.
So like if we do something and people were like,
that wasn't cool.
Somebody things are a little Wikipedia page with all this.
And that's probably a good idea for real.
Cause it's,
there's,
it's,
it's lore.
Somebody created a page of the sound drops and like over a thousand sound drops
are on it.
Wow.
Like they,
they put,
is there stuff that you guys go,
like,
let's not do this on the sheet.
This is just for us still.
This is just for the house.
I don't know.
That's not really,
why would you throw it away like that and throw it away on your relationship?
Yeah.
There's stuff that's just a Kansan translate to this show right now.
Tom and I are hooked on this Martin Lawrence joke from like a decade ago.
And we just like,
we do it to each other and then like sometimes we'll play the clip,
but it's uh,
it's when he was talking about that dance,
the Cha Cha slide and just,
we just get hooked on a phrase.
Yeah,
of course.
So he was making fun of dances and like,
he's like,
that shit,
I can't even say it.
He's like,
no,
he's like,
dances used to be like real.
And he's like,
now it's like do move your hips like this one time now keep moving your hip like
days.
And that's it.
And he's like e z and like we just keep fucking saying,
stop thinking about it.
You put,
that's what I,
I'm always impressed in your rack,
how many other peoples are just,
you do,
you've made a,
you'll take other people's phrases.
Yeah.
And make,
you'll build a fucking castle around them.
And it's like,
bikes is like the best example where I have a million of those and I would never
think to explain in your yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
But I've been fucking million of those.
Like just dumb things like downbeat in your head.
That's exactly what it is.
Just this show is dumb hooks in your head.
Yeah.
And sharing them.
Yes.
Yeah.
And then it,
and then it naturally evolves into your standup,
right?
Like,
so the bikes thing was like the bikes came,
came from the podcast.
It was not stand up.
It was,
we were playing a scared straight 99 right.
Which is the one off.
So it wasn't a show was a special one time special.
It was MTV,
it was MTV and the air uncensored,
which was banana.
And that guy was just,
I mean he stole the show and he was fucking verbally abusive to these kids,
but in a really it was,
he reminded me of like Robin Harris.
Yeah.
And he was,
he was like,
you big slat fat,
sloppy motherfucker.
Like saying shit like that.
And I was like,
oh,
just wait.
Is this line right there is an original one from like the eight there's one
before that.
Way crazier.
It was,
it was,
well it was tea that those guys,
it was the 70s there was the 70s people were different.
People were different.
So this ones were different.
And they didn't,
they didn't have books.
They didn't have a this guy slit,
right?
No,
you're right.
Yeah.
This guy,
he doesn't think that's hilarious.
As you watched that thing man,
one of the kids doesn't want to do and you know that,
you know that the kids ultimately are not going to get hurt.
But these guys really tow the line and he,
that guy who screams bikes is telling this kid does.
He's like a pot of jam and as he's saying apologized,
he gets this far.
I mean he gets this far and as he's saying it spit is fine off of his lip and
he's like I know you don't like no one motherfucker spitting in your face and he
likes it is flying in his face and they called him a faggot and they're just
saying really crazy shit.
But you know because you're like on the show you're like it's not going to like
he's not going to hit him.
Yeah.
Cause he's also going to get another 10 years if he hits them.
Absolutely starts saying all this shit.
And he is saying shit like,
oh,
like the things I said in my act about it,
like how he's like,
I'm gonna make you suck my dick every day.
And he,
he says that shit to him and it's also heightened.
Like he,
the whole time he screams and yells the entire time says motherfucker like a
thousand times.
And then if you look up,
they didn't air it on that,
but if you look up like the followup piece,
MTV did,
they cut to that prisoner,
this guy right here.
And they're like,
uh,
like tell us about the experience.
And he's like,
well,
you know,
it's great to be able to help these kids
completely flipped.
So like he's like,
you know,
we,
we do that so that they learn,
they'll come back and you're like,
dude,
like nothing about your message was ever like seen control.
I wonder if that ever works.
What they can't prove know they can't prove like,
well I was going to do crime.
And you know that they got one of the guys on that.
I mean,
first of all,
multiple people who have been part of the scared straight stuff have violated.
Again,
the bikes kid,
the kid that got yelled at it was going back to jail when I was doing,
like after I did the special,
I met somebody who was in class with him in the middle of school and they're
like,
he's going back to jail.
And they're like,
he caught hell for that when it aired.
But there's a guy who's on the scared straight special where they do the
followup on MTV and they're like,
how did it help you know you?
And he's like,
I totally straighten my life away.
Or you can look this up.
He was found later guilty of murder and burying a body.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
He's on the special and he's one of the kids who you think is kind of like,
has it together.
Like wow,
he murdered somebody later.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
And he was like,
he's like,
I have kids now and I,
I live my life this way.
Total psycho murder someone.
Hmm.
Um,
okay.
Bikes.
Uh,
all right.
So,
let,
let's just go with the,
who's Randy,
who was Randy that is really,
really deep in the vault.
It's the order in the,
in the bumping it goes like,
don't even put it in a loving and
Mr t don't break anyone's mom into dad.
When we were building the show into the universe,
it was,
it was exactly what you said where it was like head hooks like just drops in
your head earliest.
And it was also like mom themed cause your mom's house was supposed to be
something silly to say to someone like listen to you.
You know,
like when you say it,
people are like,
we need your mom's like they get kind of like black.
Cause we literally sat down at our dinner table and we were like,
what's the dumbest thing you could name a podcast stupid as saying your mom's
house.
Yeah.
So all right.
So it goes,
this shit is big time,
right?
That's what the first,
who was that?
That's a coach.
Uh,
ice.
Tim Ice Harris.
[inaudible] so funny because it's like meeting my heroes like,
oh Mike,
have you never seen year the bowl?
No.
Okay.
So one of the first things that we profile,
I don't know who's Julie,
we'll get to,
yeah.
So the first thing that we did is we,
we,
one of the first things we profiled,
the documentary Stevie,
Stevie,
right,
is real fun hoop dreams made Steve.
Yes,
exactly right.
Okay.
So we played that and we dissected it for,
I dunno,
you know,
I'm Dad I've ever known and like all this fun drops.
And then the next was a documentary called year of the bolt,
which features the Miami Northwestern Bulls in Liberty City,
Miami,
which has produced at the time of the documentary,
which is more than 10 years
old.
It had already produced 19 NFL players.
So a bonkers program.
And uh,
there's just like some crazy just phrases and things screamed in there.
So it was like,
it was a perfect way to open the show is like the guy saying this shit is big
time.
The show is starting this shit big time.
Um,
then your mom's house don't bring anyone's mother and to this,
which is Mr t two t
and Psa from the 80s about kids insulting each other.
And bullying each other and they were doing your mama jokes or whatever.
And it's like,
don't bring in one's mother and this,
and he likes,
separates the kids.
So that's Mr t and then mom was a fucking fucking stance.
That's,
wait,
that's coaching for that.
Who is Randy now?
That's a,
that is a random one.
Really,
really dark.
All right,
so real sports on HBO.
So,
okay.
So there's one,
they've done a number,
almost did a sketch on Chappelle's show based around a hook from real sports.
Really.
Vj Singh,
the Golfer who's like Indonesian had beef with his caddy and this was the pitch
or this is reality.
What had beef with his caddy.
The caddy said he was an asshole.
And a,
and Vj Singh said like talking about the caddies,
it's like,
well there's his name,
the cat,
his name was Dave.
And he's goes,
there's things you don't know about Dave.
Um,
uh,
he drinks and then he goes,
he comes to work smelling of drink.
So I mean,
just go,
we'll just say smelling of drinks.
Hans drink,
drink hardcore fine.
Yeah,
yeah.
Smelling of Drake.
Smelling of drink.
Yeah.
So should we just,
this is a sidetrack,
but like did,
um,
did
you know you,
for people who don't know you cocreated wrote and directed,
um,
Chappelle show and obviously one of the most famous celebrate a successful
sketch shows of all time.
Did you,
did you guys like riff to come up with sketches,
isn't it?
Yeah,
that most of the part of that was,
uh,
we would,
it was more like,
like the real world.
I'm trying to think of like specific,
the blind white supremacists thing.
Chappelle's grandfather was blind and super light skin.
So the day Martin Luther King got shot,
he was on a bus and he heard these black dudes like,
like menacing a white dude,
like,
and then he realized that it was him,
what the fuck are you doing on this bus?
Cracking did it.
And he was like,
oh,
this dude's and draw.
And he's like,
oh,
it's me.
Oh,
they're yelling at me yelling at him because he was light skinned and he thought
so they thought he was white.
Uh,
so that was based,
that was the basis of that.
And then we just built out from there has to be one of the,
in my opinion,
best comedy sketches of all times.
Yeah,
it's fucking awesome.
Gets a great sketch.
Like there's just a bunch of really good jokes in it.
And,
and you know,
you see,
by the way,
it was one of my,
I obviously didn't know you.
Yeah,
you were like an Easter egg in so many sketches now.
And thinking back,
I haven't seen those.
My head exploded.
My father,
one of my favorites was um,
black Gallagher.
Yeah,
we're mandating that,
but the volume is down and you go pee on me.
You black son of a bitch.
He on me and I said,
smash some fruit.
You're black.
I think it was [inaudible] pills at pee on me.
You black son of a bitch.
I laughed so hard at the,
I remember I was watching that with sickler cause that was,
that was back when it was,
something's going to air and you've got to watch that.
And we would,
we would like go back and like,
I feel like he caught that.
He's like,
did you hear what this guy said?
And we would like Tivo over rewind.
Yeah.
You had to work for it.
Yeah,
that was great.
that was like under like it was like mixed it low.
I've mixed a nice and well that was good.
Um,
yeah,
like a real world was a thing like kind of,
it was greed that we'd Chappelle's friend had been on the second season.
Dave Edwards,
he was a comic.
He was the one who went,
pulled the blanket and then got in trouble and like Chapelle was on the phone
with him when it happened.
So like we'd always sort of thought about the real world.
It's like they just make black dudes look bad.
And then we figured like,
so did you the first draft most of this stuff like would you like here like
here's a version and then you guys,
ah,
we would know.
We would like literally sit in a room together and type it up.
Yeah.
Like type type,
type,
type type.
You go like,
it wasn't like a,
I think people see it as like either Dave's the genius and I'm his typist or I'm
the like,
all right.
I'm like tell Dave what to do when it's like,
oh,
or were both funny.
Yeah.
I don't know if that'd be possible.
No possible one of you has.
Okay.
Um,
how did you get,
and at that point are you guys like you guys were friends and Zach?
I work,
I met him when I worked at the door of the comedy club in New York,
the Boston Comedy Club.
Like in the early nineties I was going to school and then,
uh,
and then I,
my brother's comics,
so I was working,
I like got a job working in the door.
He showed you the ropes,
your brother,
like how he basically like he would bring me around.
But like in the 80s,
the late eighties,
like,
so the cool thing was like,
I knew what tell when he was an open mic or I knew crazy.
I mean,
how old are you?
65 get basically,
no,
I was 16 when I was like,
that's crazy.
When I was,
I was in high school and like knew a tail and Romano and all these guys that
like,
we're barely,
if making a living,
barely making a living.
Like really,
I remember Romano got fired from a news radio.
Joe replaced him,
remodel,
got fired and I remembered thinking,
well,
all of us were like,
how was Ray gonna make a living?
Right?
Like he's got kids like,
and then,
but we were all like,
he's really fucking funny.
So he will hold it together.
He figured it out.
Yeah.
Um,
but,
uh,
but so I knew like me and trouble with the only young guys and Jay Mohr,
um,
and like these guys read Johnny,
the Round Guy,
they were like,
they were a comedy team.
John Dimaggio does a,
he's the voice of,
uh,
like a bunch of cartoons.
Like he doesn't like,
he does like,
uh,
he was on a future Futurama.
He's like the robot I think.
Yeah.
Um,
so we were the only like young dudes and like me and Dave got along really well.
And then I moved out here to write for like singled out on MTV and all that on
Nickelodeon.
And then me and Chappelle where it's still always friends.
We wrote half baked,
uh,
and then we sort of like drifted at for a second and then,
cause that epic was sort of a tank.
And then so what was that a tank?
Cause isn't it funny to be a part of something that I know that now like,
yeah.
And it was like,
oh no,
that fuck my career up.
Yeah.
It's so weird.
Right?
I love that you guys all think it's this fucking via the other one.
That's,
I mean like he's super successful,
but like box office didn't do well was a idiocracy that Mike paid shit.
But like you talk to people that accuracy accuracy is my favorite movie.
Like stop finding funding the movie.
Like he was fucked up.
Like he wasn't going well.
Like that was a disaster for him.
So now people love it.
Yeah.
They love it.
But,
uh,
but yeah,
like they're horrible box office,
horrible opened against titanic.
Oh Shit.
Uh,
golden eye,
goodwill hunting.
Oh my God,
man.
Something and maybe big Lebowski.
I think what I love about the movie business too is like people are really,
you know,
hopeful for box office and talk to you a certain way and like if your movie
doesn't do well,
they were like,
you're a piece of shit.
They literally look at you like your,
your garbage.
I SPUs cause I remember I went to the,
again,
I'm s I'm going to tell stories that make me sound like I'm a million years old.
I went to the bowfinger premiere.
Yeah.
And uh,
and it was a universal movie.
It was later.
It was like the same year as happy.
And the head of universal looked at me like,
you're a fucking retarded piece of garbage.
And I was like,
I literally was like,
all right,
I'm never going on premiere again.
I really haven't gone since.
And uh,
and it's just,
they,
it's this,
they act like they didn't have anything to do with it.
They act like they,
it's,
I would say it's like mission impossible,
where like if this fails,
there's no record.
They,
they act like they had their just divorced themselves completely.
And uh,
and they,
and then the thing of like,
have you guys ever had the thing where people act like they haven't met you?
Yeah.
And then you're like,
I met,
I'm a fucking,
all human beings are good at is remembering faces,
like the fact that you're acting like,
did we meet,
shut it.
Um,
and I always like if someone,
I feel like they're going to act like we didn't meet,
we'll be like,
hey man,
we met.
It's like,
have you ever had now like somebody,
you're like,
oh,
I'm doing a whatever Gig in,
uh,
San Diego.
And they're like,
Oh,
who you,
who are you working with who opened before?
And you're like,
really?
Yeah,
no,
I'm not open for of it.
Yeah.
Um,
some,
uh,
yeah,
so,
uh,
the,
um,
yeah,
so that's how I knew Dave.
So he was,
his career was fucked up after half baked,
I felt bad.
Uh,
like they literally sit on CNN.
His career was over from that movie.
The review said his career's over and like his mom saw it,
but I don't,
I fucking don't bring anyone small
details of it.
I feel like I saw some doc or something that said,
I think before your guys' show that he'd had like nine pilots.
Oh yeah.
He'd done like,
well that was like,
he kept doing like these fucking sitcoms.
That was his production company at the time,
but it was called that from the beginning,
which I think he knew I'm going to be doing a lot of these fucking pilots.
He did pilots again.
How old I am.
He was doing a pot.
I remember him doing a pilot and me talking and during the La riots.
Really?
Yes.
I almost got run over by a car during the La riots.
I was in New York when he was here.
He did a pilot 25 years ago.
Yeah,
he did a pilot in 1992 or three.
1992 how old is Chappelle?
45 Oh my God.
But he started when he was 14 was like,
I was in high school during the riots.
I was like 10th grade or something.
Yeah,
he was,
we were ninth,
18th.
She's is crushable hold on.
Just that.
But also I just want to say that one of the most amazing,
you know,
I really don't get that.
I'm wowed by it.
Like celebrity stories or someone's,
someone's met.
I'm like,
that's cool.
Oh really?
You know,
it's like,
I'm trying to think like,
but you've hung out with Eddie Murphy.
Yeah.
And I think that's,
that's pretty much the cool,
it really is.
Like when I met Obama,
I wasn't nervous because I'd met Eddie Murphy.
Do you know what I mean?
Like,
oh,
[inaudible] we're at Eddie's house like three years ago or something and a
shitty house.
Oh,
piece of shit.
Well,
the,
the first one went to his house was like 12 years ago.
And,
uh,
well we went to the,
we went to Bible Hill,
went to the Jersey one.
Uh,
I mean,
I literally,
I could just spend 20 minutes just talking about it.
Sometimes me and rock.
We'll just talk about how famous and Great Eddie Murphy was.
Dude for like chunks,
like where we'll just stop and be like anybody in our age range.
He is like,
like can't you?
So we were at Eddie Eddie's house and Eddie,
he's just smokes weed all the time.
Eddie does.
Yeah.
You,
I mean what do you,
he's got so much money.
He's so rich and he's so fucking funny and successful and he's also one of the,
it's very hard to legit pull off.
Very funny and cool.
Like mystique.
It doesn't,
but he does actually want to fuck them.
Right?
Cause maybe he's fun.
It's not even funny.
It's because I want to fuck is his essence.
I don't even care if he makes a joke when I started early too,
right.
He was like 1615 or something like he's a bit of a natural,
this is how much of a natural he is.
Charlie.
Only one time when they were like five they were watching TV and Eddie said I'm
going to be famous.
And Charlie said,
what's famous?
That's how fucking like,
yeah,
Destin.
It was another other greatest destiny is Murphy story is so a psychic,
uh,
one of the Murphy family went to a psychic,
oh,
sorry,
that was the mistake.
One of the,
um,
do you,
do I need to wait?
No,
no,
no.
I was just one of the,
uh,
one of the Murphy family in like the 60s went to a psychic and the psychic said
someone in your bloodline is going to be world famous.
So that generation of Murphy's all started taking tap dancing lessons,
singing lessons and like,
like acting class and all this shit.
And then one of their kids was at,
wow.
Yeah.
Like,
and then he was like,
and then it was like,
oh,
no,
no.
Like,
so he came out like,
like,
right.
Like he'd said,
watching TV.
He's like,
I'm going to be on there.
I'm going to be famous.
Does he,
does he still,
does he want to do movies still?
I don't feel like he did a,
he did.
Dolomite that's coming out.
That's coming in.
He's going to do,
coming to America too.
That's definitely a perfect comedy film.
Every time
I have to watch it,
just dumped it in 21 days.
So well written and so funny.
Every he's a setup or a punch,
you know.
Oh,
he,
the thing about Eddie is like,
the story that's the story goes like he may have written,
I'm going to get you sucker and was like,
I don't want to do it.
They'll throw it away.
And Keenan was like,
oh,
I'll do this shit like that.
I don't know if that's true or not,
but um,
so the story I was going to tell,
but it was,
we're at Eddie's house and uh,
by the way,
he's such a Germaphobe,
everyone gets their own joint.
Oh.
So I don't smoke weed,
but like David is on joint.
Like you just get your own joint.
Um,
and uh,
and he was like,
yeah,
man.
Obama was real cool to me.
And uh,
and there's a picture of Obama meeting Eddie and Obama is like
his age.
Oh,
like Eddie Murphy,
Eddie Murphy.
You can't,
you can't,
how big and important he was.
Yeah.
You just can't,
like he's a,
he's a,
he's a titan.
Like a two and he was so relaxed.
What I loved about Eddie's,
so yes,
so comfortable at 20 years old or whenever he did the delirious had crazy trend
up that long.
Oh my God,
he's so relaxed and he's so calm and centered and he's having fun all the time.
Like he's in the old world.
You know when you're really in your groove in stand up,
you like you own it.
If you're on stage and you're like,
oh man,
like this set is tight.
Like people realize like you know this stuff and you're,
and to even think that somebody that could do it at 21 at that level,
why was the night at his house?
We were like,
me and Dave were just like fucking bug.
We were literally bugging him like,
come on Eddie,
do stand up.
It was literally like,
might as well again,
I'm like,
come on Mr. Come on Tuesday and a,
and I was asking him questions.
He's like,
you know how long you've known stand up.
And I was like,
ah,
like this.
Just like,
I guess four years ago,
I was like,
yeah,
it's seven years.
And it goes,
oh,
that's why you asked me all these fucking questions.
And he's like,
seven years I had done a delirious and I was like,
yeah,
but that's come on man.
Like that's not even,
that's not even seven years.
Not even a real can't judge.
No.
He might've done raw by at seven.
I don't even know.
Cause he was young.
I think he did.
Robin.
He's like 24 and 25.
So that would be set schools.
That's cool.
That'd be seven years.
It's one of those prodigies.
Yeah.
And he also,
here's the thing,
he's so affected.
Other standups that you can see somebody,
you could see Eddie now and be like,
oh,
I feel like I've seen a bunch of these jokes.
Yeah.
You saw hundreds of people.
All their version of all the offspring and bats bull and also prior.
I mean he's doing prior,
uh,
the,
the Eddie Eddie's,
he's so fucking good that I was talking when,
when a Cosby got sentenced,
um,
Chappelle and rock call me back to back like both of them fucking legitimately
sad.
Like sad,
Yeah.
Like,
like I was sad,
like I felt bad for them.
Do you know what I mean?
Like,
yeah.
And a rock to see a hero.
I,
I met bill Cosby again,
this how old am at our scenario and a good
and a sad our Sydney.
And,
uh,
he was an asshole and I knew I couldn't read.
Everybody has ass fucking ass.
I never knew this shit.
Nobody fucking told me I knew it.
He literally was like,
and then the white man,
he goes to the Dutch man and I was like,
I'm not duct.
And he's like,
and he like stood by it was like,
okay.
Um,
but uh,
he was racist against,
yeah.
Again,
he was talking to me and he said the Dutch man in the green room or something in
his dressing room yet.
And you're in there.
I was in there with Dave Edwards and the,
we were friends with this woman,
joy who booked the show.
We knew her through date,
Mr Dutch man and the knowledge,
the history,
so whatever.
So,
uh,
so,
so those guys both call me both sad and um,
okay,
wait,
what do you think of this?
I feel bad for the people only listening.
Yeah.
Go Online.
Check that one out.
Enter Promo code to see Tom Steyer pops.
[inaudible]
um,
so,
so those guys were both said and uh,
and me and rock,
we're talking about about how good cause he was and he's like,
he goes,
uh,
caused me,
was so fucking good.
He goes,
everyone is doing a prior impression.
I'm doing it.
Dave's doing it.
Eddie did it.
Keenan,
demon fucking and Kevin Hart,
everyone is doing a prior impression and no one even bothered doing it.
Caused me impression.
Yeah.
Because they knew how good he was.
And then I was like,
and also,
uh,
nobody thought there was any pussy in it.
Boy,
were we wrong?
How dare you?
I have,
first of all,
I knew blog that I'm writing.
I know.
Yay.
Yeah,
I saw you.
And that's how can we,
you know what I'm starting to realize like people can't take the way comedians
talk.
They literally can not like we make that joke and then it's a dummy goes,
are you advocating that bill cod?
There was no,
you fucking dumb ass meeting surgeons talk fucking medical the whole time.
Do you think they go like throw me the fucking ma,
whatever they call hearts,
whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah,
of course.
No,
he,
here's the thing too is like comics,
first of all,
people don't realize that if you're hanging out with comics,
we try to push it.
So like we're trying to make another comic laugh and he would be upset like a
woman about a misogynistic joke if she's a comic,
should be like Miss Pretty funny joke.
We're still fuck the thing I said I'm Charlemagne show last week was like,
cause I'm a lieutenant of black culture.
You are
and see the got Lennart Lennart uh,
Charlotte Mckay.
There was a new one.
There's another new one.
Um,
but uh,
but yeah,
like people think that the thing I was saying,
tell me if you agree with this.
Your,
we're a yama comic before I'm a man or white man of course.
And that's,
yeah,
like I'm like you're a comic before you're a woman or as a calm.
The comic brain is above society norms.
It's above gender.
It's above race.
It's a bundle.
Yes.
Cause it hovers up here to unite all that.
And that's the thing that people don't understand.
It's like,
so if Louie says the n word,
he doesn't,
it's not even fucking,
I liked the death thing about Louise saying that in that HBO thing,
people were like,
uh,
this thing,
was unsurfaced like what are you on Hbo and Hbo?
And it was on youtube for a decade.
But that's regular people,
man.
That's the thing.
They don't understand.
It's like,
like they,
it's not even,
and it's just a thing like w like Chris is a black,
I don't know,
Chris and Dave aren't fucking,
I don't go hello black.
I go like,
oh,
it's a comedian calling me.
It's not a fucking black man put up meal,
putting her black man happy,
like it's just a fucking funny motherfucker.
Um,
my,
uh,
my first or one of the first times I heard somebody talk about Cosby being an
Asshole,
uh,
was a driver,
a cab or the car driver,
whatever,
this car service guide Indi years ago,
my first time doing crackers,
there's a driver picking an older black guy.
He's like,
it turns out he's like,
what's up man?
I was like,
hey.
And then we're driving.
And he's like,
well,
so what are you doing here?
And I go,
I'm,
I'm doing,
uh,
doing stand up.
He goes,
stand up.
I go,
yeah.
And he goes,
uh,
cause my fuck Steven.
I go off the top right off the top.
And he's like,
man,
he's an asshole.
He goes,
the fuck bill Cosby too.
And I go,
really?
He goes,
he's a piece of shit.
He was a fucking asshole when I,
he went on this whole story and I'm like,
oof.
And I go,
wow,
all right,
well,
uh,
hey man,
what's,
uh,
what's indie like?
And he goes,
ah,
you know,
murder.
He had murdered there and I was like,
that's your summary of this city.
And that was like,
that was all he gave me.
The black guys talking hooks.
Yeah.
Right.
The average black.
Did you hear snoop announcing that?
The hockey?
No,
but announced a hockey game for 30 seconds last week and there's four hooks in
it.
Really?
It's fucking amazing.
Like I've said this on that the average black dude on the street is funnier than
me.
Average,
white middle.
Uh,
yeah.
Pretty true.
I put black ladies your head too.
Yes.
But uh,
but yeah,
like,
yeah,
so the guys still,
I've had cab drivers say shit.
Oh yeah.
Like I have kept her black cab driver in New York one time trying to say that
someone passed out and he goes and they get in the back.
They lock up.
And the funny God,
I think I know what he's saying.
I think too,
I wrote this thing statement
time about how,
who,
if you,
if you had to hear a summary of what just happened,
something notable happened and you missed it,
who would you rather hear?
If you have a choice or like an older white guy,
older,
uh,
or a,
an older black lady or a black guy or something like,
you know,
like 100% of the,
there should be a news channel with
correspondence.
That'd be such man,
Shit Open.
Every man had came in.
Yeah,
I want to hear that.
All right.
So,
um,
how much time we got?
Yeah.
All right.
Let me see if I can get this in.
Exactly.
Uh,
yeah.
So,
uh,
so,
so Eddie fucking is,
it's like an amazing dude and,
and uh,
it's crazy that you've hung out with like hug him the first time.
The second.
All right,
so the first time I went to his house,
I think the first time we showed him,
maybe we showed him Rick James.
I think that that would be true only because I feel like I've heard a story.
Dave talked about showing it,
showing them,
and I know,
but I don't know if that was the first thing,
but whatever.
So,
um,
we the second,
then,
then we went again,
like during a snow storm and me,
Dave and Charlie went and Dave went to smoke outside.
I think Charlie went to use the bathroom.
So I'm just in Eddie's kitchen in Jersey by myself eating soup like the k the
chef had left some soup,
you know,
rich people are.
Yeah.
And um,
and uh,
I'm eating soup and Eddie like comes in,
you know when you like enter room,
like you don't think anyone's going to be in there and like,
yeah,
like it's so he comes like kind of does one of those things like wearing a robe
and his wife Nicole at the time is with them and uh,
and I'm in,
I'm just eating soup and he's like,
Hey,
what's up?
He goes,
Hey Nicole,
did you meet Neil?
And I was just like,
how the fuck do you know mine?
Like it's fucking mind blowing that he even knows.
And now he'll like make a point of like,
oh Neil,
like it's crazy.
Even a here,
Pisa,
you say my name in Eddie Murphy.
Yeah,
of course is insane.
Just said he gets it right that he's not like,
yeah,
it'll fill up.
Yeah.
Like,
you know what I mean?
Brenner,
he knows who I am and like he knows,
uh,
I must,
I introduced,
did Tom tell you where I introduced him to Chris Rock all at the store,
right?
Yeah,
that was,
that was big deal for me,
honestly.
I'm sure.
And I've had like,
you know,
I would say like 99% of comics,
I'd be like,
what's up man?
I'm not a dick.
I'm just saying like,
yeah,
it would be fine.
But I definitely was thrown by that.
Yeah.
And I was like,
man,
this is Tom and Chris.
He was very nice,
but I still to me,
cause that,
you know,
your age has a lot to do with like who has an impact on you,
how old you were when they were,
yeah.
Yeah.
So like for me,
I'm a junior in high school and bring the pain comes out.
So you know,
it's before it's before Sam,
but it's also in the,
that 17 or something.
It kind of sets you up for,
for life.
You know,
like one of those big impact you can't get out.
He will never break that a hold over.
You never ever like,
you just can't not consent and say anything intelligent or funny to him.
I was like,
you do good stuff.
But it was like he'd seen your spa.
I mean that's the thing that was crazy.
I didn't even know he'd walk cause like he's like you got to cause a shift.
You've got a couple of,
I was like,
yeah I got a few.
Yeah.
I was like good.
You have,
you have a new one.
Yeah,
you're funny too.
And then Tom,
you know the like the cliff on the back of the car ran up the clinic.
He was so fucking jacked out.
Crazy though.
That those people influenced how you do and stand up and how you think comedy is
the fucking funny.
She's a child watching Eddie Murphy as a child.
I had one,
I did video of me,
I got to fucking put it up.
I got to find it.
But I've seen it semi recently,
so I know I have it of me doing standup in at the Improv in oh four oh five I
weigh like 60 pounds less than I weigh now.
So I looked like a skinny guy and I'm literally on stage and I'm going like this
and I'm like gesturing and and pacing and you're just like,
oh,
this is like a bad Chris rock impression.
You should put that up.
It's so fucking it.
Did you ever see Sebastian's first bought at the store?
It's on one of his DVDs.
It is,
yeah.
I don't know if it's on a,
I don't know if he put it on Youtube,
but the funny thing is not that different.
Like now it's kind of the same dude ideas of like what's been bothering.
Yeah.
With roof,
car roof.
Why don't even know what the bits were about,
but like it's not even hidden.
Like,
yeah,
I remember people came up to me like I remember a woman came up to me after a
show and was like,
I didn't know you were so urban.
I was like,
what?
She's like,
Yup.
They're like,
ah,
like doing a Chris rock impression.
Yeah.
You know it's hard.
That's hard.
That's hard not to do.
Who are your people that,
yes.
I mean the thing is once you that'll,
that'll never leave your head.
Once you tell me that,
of course we're all doing kind of doing it because you're drawn to a lane,
right?
I forget who to talk to me.
You're drawn to somebody,
right?
It's that unconscious thing.
That's the archetype and I get what they're saying.
I see how they think.
Yeah.
I love Roseanne.
I loved Eddie Murphy.
I loved Richard Pryor.
Yeah.
Bill Hicks,
Hicks.
I can't,
I literally can't even watch him because I will just do him like I can't.
I can't watch it because I will start because once you see it,
then you can imagine them what it was like from their point of view.
And then you,
when you're on stage and then you have that point of view,
then you start thinking like them and it's like,
I think it's good that I never moved to New York because I 100% would have dove
even deeper than I did into doing a tell for example.
Everyone,
I mean everyone did it.
I just,
but I mean I have photos from like,
oh six oh seven or I'm wearing a black jacket and a black hat with my beard and
I'm smoking and I'm like,
what are you talking about?
Like it's fucking crazy thing is I was this,
I've known a tail since puberty.
My voice was changing and I modeled it after my brother and Intel.
Yeah.
Like my like kind of like,
well let's you know how when you're like,
Huh,
and you're kind of like,
you can kind of adjust it a little bit.
I model it after telling my brother like that's how fucking deep his,
his claws are.
Like I just did it before.
He still so he's fucking so goddamn bumping.
Mike's.
Yeah.
It's so ridiculous how hard it is to watch standup or it's your job.
Oh Man.
He turns me into a silly person.
He turns me into that person that just discovered,
discovered standup and loves it.
Like when I watched it,
I love this guy.
I made my girlfriend watch it when we were in Hong Kong.
I made them,
I made her watch this.
Have you met a girl there and made it an actual friend?
Girlfriends.
If you're going to make,
if we're going to make it in America,
you got to know what I'm about.
I know she came with,
but I made her watch a tells special from Oh,
the half hour from like 99 or whatever.
It's got the fucking 60 fucking great jokes in the row for the memories.
Yes.
It's the audio.
That's the audio.
Ah,
yeah.
And I think like people don't even realize like how,
how influential he was like f you can't,
it's crazy.
Puppies.
He,
you appease.
You're not going to like it.
Oh,
of come on my phone.
I hate traveling.
Maybe it's,
cause when I was a kid,
my father used to be me with the globe.
I mean,
fucking perfect joke.
Yeah.
You mentioned this girlfriend.
Let's talk about it.
What's up with that tit situation?
She's a,
she's a Russian Gal.
She's in the fashion industry actually.
What she does,
she's models and uh,
by the way,
I have a,
a fart joke.
Text me those Becks.
I don't,
I don't like fart jokes,
but I feel like I want to write it down.
Hand it to you.
You,
I saw a clip of you farting on the air.
Yeah,
I regret it.
No,
no,
no supremacist.
I was just saying
it was such a,
it was fine.
It was like a good intro for it.
It was just like,
yeah,
if you're going to,
but I want to it,
I would have loved to Christen it with like a major fart.
Like you know Jordan Ruben?
Yeah.
He used it.
I don't know if he still does it.
He used to record all of his farts,
all of them,
and he would name them before he would m and send them to you.
So it'd be like hush puppies and then,
and they would have nothing to do with the fart.
Sometimes it'd be like loosely tangentially,
but he made a great observation about farts.
It's the ultimate Improv.
That's true.
You don't know what's going to come out.
You know something's coming out.
He's a funny guy and really funny.
Yeah,
see writing.
He's like dirt.
I don't know.
He's doing kind of weird horror movies.
I think we got off track with this girlfriend.
She like a 90 day fiance situation.
No,
she lives in.
She's looking at me like you love
pleadings spittle.
She learned how to speak English,
watching South Park.
Oh,
Schumer was like,
oh.
So she was made in the lab to please you model like cool,
interesting,
funny,
better read than me.
How long you guys been together?
Like four months.
See,
that's the thing with you,
Neil,
is that you're very interesting.
You're highly intelligent.
I imagine that it's got to be hard for you to find a woman more because
women are fucking stupid.
It's more that it's not,
it's more my gut.
They have to keep up with my guy friends.
Do you know what I mean?
Like they have to keep up with
my girl.
My,
all of my friends are fucking hilarious and interesting.
Smart guys.
Funny guys.
Yeah,
they're all,
and the women are all swimming.
I was stoking.
Yeah.
And then like,
you know,
and then the women that I'm friends with are like Whitney Schumer,
Michelle Wolf be like fucking Ellen.
Like fucking funny mother.
Funny,
interesting.
I'm not like friend friends with Ellen,
but like,
yeah,
like,
like people that I talked to pretty,
so that's the bigger issue was like I'm a,
and now I'm,
um,
I just,
I was,
I was compromising a lot and now I'm like,
I,
if you want to come into my life,
here's what it is.
It's great,
it's successful.
I,
I like what I like,
I know why I don't like,
the things I don't like is great.
So if you want in,
here's how it's going to be and if you are not,
then I have,
I'm not compromising cause I'd rather be alone.
The rewards of a partner are not worth the cost a lot of the time.
That's,
that's very insightful.
I think that only comes for most people with time,
with age,
like sometimes you meet that rare person who has that perspective young and
you're like,
what the f how does it,
how the fuck did you do it like this.
But the truth is that you know,
if you are in your late thirties early forties you really become,
you know who you are.
Yeah.
I feel like a lot of life is like this.
That and then finally just like this,
I'm this and then here's the thing,
you are being honest about it,
which is the best thing.
And I don't know,
I'm not a piece of shit.
Like I'm not,
I just don't like,
and I say to my girlfriend,
I'm like,
so you're not mad at me.
And she's like,
no,
why would I be mad at you?
And I'm like every girlfriend I've ever had,
it's just mad at me all the time.
She's Russian,
so cold.
So she goes from,
Oh Jesus Christ.
Imagine the animals that like that as like,
are you mad at me?
No,
I cheese.
Like I've never had a boyfriend even asked me if I feel anything.
She did one thing that was like a fucked up and I was like,
all right,
well we're going to break up.
And she just started crying and was like,
I'm sorry.
I will never do that again.
Yeah.
Playing.
It wasn't like even that far.
It was just like she made a scene about some dumb shit and then was like,
oh I need,
she had told me she had like really bad.
You know why she did that?
I'll tell you what's up on my Instagram.
They heads,
I'm on a roll today because women are fucking stupid.
You Go,
I like the idea of that at two lengths.
That's right.
Cause that's my tribe.
So I'm Hungarian.
But then we're a Russian adjacent.
It's a very harsh culture and we don't do well with vulnerability.
Uh,
my parents used to resent it when waiters would call them folks like,
hey faults,
I bought these folks and they see kindness as weakness or Zelaya that smiling.
They think Americans are donkeys cause we're constantly like,
hi,
how are you?
Like they really hate it.
Yeah.
But you like this,
uh,
she,
she liked that with you.
I'm saying no,
she's not marring sweet.
She's silly and sweet.
And now were you,
you were on Paul Gilmartin's mental illness.
Yeah.
I know I listened to your episode.
This is a while ago,
so I'm trying to,
you came from a family of like 20 children.
Okay.
And
children.
Yeah.
That's really crazy.
It's really crazy.
Yeah.
No,
we're number 10.
Yeah.
God Damn.
It's crazy.
Uh,
and uh,
yeah,
10 kids.
It's like growing up in a,
in a fucking like orphanage,
you have to get lost in the house of 10 kits.
Yeah.
I was lucky because as the youngest you get like extra,
like everyone's number six.
No,
I mean five.
Yeah.
They're like,
yeah,
it's,
it's like,
it's a mixed bag in terms of like who,
who,
uh,
who succeeded.
But like,
who was,
it's more generational.
Like I'm from a generation of like,
I went to therapy,
I take medication.
I'm like,
right.
I think mental level is like an actual thing.
Whereas the older family is like,
no,
you don't.
We don't do them.
Right.
Like we're from like,
you got it out.
Fucking should suffer.
Yeah.
Always suffering.
And that's what light.
That's a,
that's Catholicism and B,
that's like life at large.
That's what,
that's what it is.
Like what are you doing?
Like what are you,
what are you a fag?
Like that's the thing of like,
what are you fucking taking kit?
Like what do you like my,
I've been on Zoloft or something for like 20 years and I have a brother that's
constantly like,
so are you going to keep taking it?
That thing that's working,
that's the thing that's working for you,
that like your life's half over.
Like,
yeah,
I'm going to keep Tate like,
but they still see it as like,
I don't know if the word sin is the right word,
but it's like in there,
in that kind of tinkering with God's plan for you.
Wonderful.
Syring plan wanted you to be anxious.
Yeah.
Right.
Yes.
Anxiety,
depression,
panic attacks.
But why don't you let God do his thing,
Bro.
Yeah.
That's interesting because I think like you said,
a lot of people kind of live with a low grade suffering and that's like a low
grade depression.
And if they're older they think like
I love your new joke about your mom,
like your dry cause I never cause it's a,
it's not really like the rest of your jokes I've seen.
And B,
I love when people are like,
these people are fucking maniacs.
Parents are fucking,
these parents are maniacs.
A lot of the time it's true.
It's true.
You just realize it.
I mean I,
it's,
it's not,
and when you have an adult relationship with them,
right,
they hate it.
And when you,
when you'd be having an adult relationship,
you realize to you,
you start to,
you get that clear.
Especially when you have kids,
you're like,
oh two people,
just two random people just fucking made me.
Yeah.
They're not anointed.
It's just like you see it,
you know,
you saw someone will walk by earlier,
like that person could have been the person.
Yeah.
Like,
and when you have that realization,
you're like,
this is pretty wild.
Like it's just a random lady,
you know?
I mean like,
like I don't,
I mean I'm cool with my mom,
but there's still no,
but it's still,
you have tension.
Yeah.
That's legitimate on both of your parts.
Circumstances are fucking wild.
Like,
my mom,
you know,
immigrated to this country at like 31.
I mean,
she's like never in a million years thought that she was going to live here
ever.
Like my mom is my mom's,
my dad's one of 13.
Oh my fire.
His parents were Irish immigrants.
Like his,
his dad was like,
uh,
like elevator,
like I don't fucking,
just some blue collar.
My Dad was born in 1930.
He like seeing the,
like the height of the regimen and it support like your dad still around.
No,
no.
Um,
and uh,
so like,
yeah,
they,
there were like living in outer space from,
from what their life is like.
And so even so,
my mom actually kind of said like,
you got to give it a rest with this accountability shit.
She didn't say that exactly,
but it was sort of like,
I was kind of taking her to task for Shit and she was Kinda like,
look dude,
I'm fucking 84.
You got to like,
you just got to like,
are you going to do this?
Right,
right,
right.
You're going to stay on this just to like die.
Like what is that your plan like you have to,
which is coming up by that I mean by the way,
like trust me,
uh,
she,
I have a bunch of fucking jokes and she came to my show and it was like,
I'm literally fuck the stool and I'm just like my mom,
I don't know what to,
Oh my God,
I can't leave him plugged it.
So Neil is,
uh,
that's a new
one on Netflix,
comedians of the world,
which came out January 1st,
I believe it was.
And the American comics featured on it are uh,
for me the way it was Swartz Swartz in Nicole Byer so,
and then there's couch from other countries but we don't really sell it.
But the Americans,
I mean I,
I I to me it's,
you know,
when you have like a good batch yeah.
To I think it's a good batch and it was still in Montreal.
Yes.
Montreal,
thanks for spelling it specials.
You have your three Mikes,
which was a big hit.
Yes.
A lot of people really,
really like,
oh yeah.
That was,
that was there was like,
that was when I stopped being Dave's buddy.
Right.
This the first time people are like,
oh good,
you do your own thing.
But you had another one before that I had one for calming central called Women
in black suits,
women in black dudes.
Um,
which uh,
made it sound like some weird white supremacy thing.
It was just,
that's what the jokes were about.
I remember it's like being in high school and seeing like,
um,
like watching drama or something from upperclassmen.
You announced,
I think on social media,
your specials coming out is called women and black dudes.
And the Chris Rock rock is like,
I thought you had a chance,
but that's a disease,
like don't title it.
And I was like,
look man,
I called it that.
But for some reason I feel like I'm reading a text.
I was like,
oh,
he,
he's the funniest motherfucker.
Like yeah,
he said the meanest thing anyone's ever said and it's so fucking,
again,
this is like,
you couldn't be a part of it.
This would hurt your feelings too much.
Normal person.
Right.
So at the three mikes premiere,
whatever,
like the Broadway theater opening thing or off Broadway,
um,
Eh,
uh,
um,
Chapelle in the audience,
it was a John Legend and Chrissy Tiegen.
John was the producer.
They,
I,
they're just my friends.
I love the grace
[inaudible]
uh,
Seth Myers,
Trevor Noah,
and you're like,
all right,
I'm getting a little tight.
Chris Rock,
Dave Chappelle.
Oh my God.
So like Queen Chrissy posted that.
She watched my special the other day.
Oh,
did she,
did she say anything that she said?
Oh,
she was laughing a lot.
Are we going to talk about the Brad Pitt thing?
The Brad Pitt thing?
Do you know about the Brad Pitt thing?
No.
Yeah,
you do.
I heard
Adam told you,
told you.
Oh,
how do you know that?
Because I,
it wasn't just you dick face,
it was me.
I'm just,
I don't know.
I'm asking.
I don't know the story.
How did you hear
his story?
I don't.
All I know is what you know.
Brad Pitt said that his favorite comics right now are me,
Tom.
Oh,
hey.
Jim Jefferies and helper don't see.
That's the thing.
So when you say the Brad Pitt thing,
I'm like Brad Pitt thing and then he didn't tell me anybody else.
Oh yeah.
He just goes,
Brad Pitt's setting.
Do you feel like less important now because you're one of four?
Well,
here's the thing.
You want to know who the are
and they buy all those photos for.
I'm like,
that's good.
That's good.
It's got good.
If he had,
if he had said a few other names that might be like,
well,
fuck yeah,
no,
trust me that have people go,
I love Chappelle show and battlebots.
Alright man,
that's a good list.
So at the premiere,
uh,
me and Dave and Chris get our picture taken in front of the stepper.
Pete,
we walk away and the publicity goes,
Neil,
the photographers want a picture of you by yourself and rock looks at me and
goes
for the first time in your life.
Oh Wow.
And you're like,
ah.
It's like,
you're so mean.
But also,
yeah.
Yeah.
That's funny.
It's funny.
And it's also funny considering the company,
right?
I mean it's,
yeah,
it's great.
It's all works,
but it's very like you,
you that would make a,
that could make you cry.
Yeah.
The wrong hands.
Yeah,
of course.
Yeah.
No,
I like my sister's
like,
yeah,
that wouldn't,
they wouldn't enjoy that.
Especially someone you respect.
Um,
so I didn't even tell you that.
We obviously did not go through all of this correctly,
but just for you asked me about who is Randy and I just realized that that's
who is Randy.
Um,
real sports has done a lot of features on CTE and the uh,
um,
how football really does serious brain damage.
One of the early times they profiled it,
they got a group of guys together who are all suffering from it with their
spouses and the interviewer talk to John Mackey Hall of fame tied in for the
Baltimore Colts and his wife and at the time a Mackie,
he's got on his cowboy hat sunglasses and he is pretty like pretty far along and
he,
you know,
he can't be alone and stuff and,
and she's talking to the interviewer like I am to you.
He's sitting right next to where it just kind of like looking around like not
really keyed into the conversation.
So he's like,
what's Day?
Like she's like,
well,
he's always like,
when are we going to go?
Like we're about to go somewhere.
Yeah,
she goes,
I've had to make up things to placate him.
So I just tell him that the,
uh,
like when he says that I just go all the cars in the shop right now and I tell
him that there's a,
a mechanic,
a made up mechanic named Randy who is working on it and then it just kind of
satisfies him for a while and then the interviewer tries to get in on it and
he's like,
ah,
John.
Um,
is is your,
is Randy working on your car right now?
Is that what he's doing?
And,
and John Mackey goes,
who was Randy.
That's it.
Yeah.
Great.
Totally worth it.
Because what happened was,
again,
uh,
with that one sickler and I used to just like talk to each other on the phone
and be like,
who is handy and just say it back and forth through it in there.
Yup.
Um,
the real sports,
one of the greatest shows ever.
Yeah.
I don't like the handicap stories.
I don't like,
I gotta be honest.
I like,
I love the,
the,
the investigative stuff.
I love,
I love CTE cause it's investigative.
I don't like candles or gay.
Those are great.
FIFA drug tests.
All he do like they do iron mate.
He carries him during the iron man.
I'm like,
I can't.
I like,
I'm sorry.
ESPN light.
Yeah,
he's six.
He gives a shit.
We call that white bummers white people bombers being bombed out,
which is why they like really serious movies and they answer movies or damn or
shit like,
yeah.
Why do white people love bummer Stilwell?
You know?
Because there's novelty to it because we have such nice lives.
It's the same reason we like,
we like a peeking into a shitty resume.
It's tourism so it's like the same reason they like hip hop.
It's like wait,
what he did now what the fellas said,
what
can make the pussy trip?
He focus oil boy,
same reason we do extreme sports like Parco I've been doing a drug of a park
core.
Why couldn't you just try to walk hotel?
You're right from place to place.
White kids are doing flips off bill that like white guys can't run up walls and
the cops be like fantastic.
Ooh,
good one off of his parking garage.
That's great.
Fantastic.
Been in hotels like in the morning when you're going to check out in like 20
minutes and just put on like turn on the TV land on ESPN and there'll be like,
he just wanted to meet Jj Watt.
Oh,
what the fuck?
And like five minute piece on a kid that wants to meet his hero and I'll fucking
ball on the edge of the bed and then I'll be like,
I gotta get the Fuck Outta here man.
Like I gotta get out of this one,
but I can't watch that shit.
Yeah,
it's just too much.
It's also,
there's something,
well,
we need to stop that one,
my man.
What's going on?
Is it that complicated
there bitch?
God Damn.
Okay fucking hate myself.
You know what you're doing to the quote JC,
you,
you made it a hot line.
You pick a hotline,
you making a hot song.
There you go,
man.
You know what I mean?
If they,
if people come at you say,
you know you made it a hotline,
I made it a hot song.
There you go.
Yeah,
yeah.
You know what I'm going to do about a man?
What's the fuck you even talk,
what are we even talking to?
You know,
Jay Z,
I work with them last year on a,
uh,
for his wreck for his album,
the four for four album with the Oj song and all that stuff I wore,
I made like a documentary about kind of just black dudes.
Yeah.
And Neil's the guy.
I don't,
they wanted,
I was low on the list,
but like,
yeah,
I'm on the list.
So,
uh,
so he played me the album in his studio and I don't know if you've ever been to
Jay Jay's studio or any hip hop studio?
Uh,
no,
I don't think,
no.
He's um,
he,
any hip hop studio eat is so fucking loud that it's like,
guys,
do you kind of want to go guys,
you can't get problems guys.
Like I'm not,
come on.
That's how loud they play it.
They play.
Yes.
And I've been in,
I've been in ones where I had to leave,
like,
where I'm just like,
oh,
I'm not going to do this.
I've covered my,
like,
I'll just do whatever.
And,
uh,
and I made him turn it down.
You did?
Yeah.
You're cute.
Turn that down a little bit.
Yeah.
Wow.
It's just too loud on the,
were you in bed?
Were you afraid?
No,
cause it's just like cracker ass.
He is like,
I couldn't the Dutchman,
the Dutchman and came and
um,
and uh,
played the record and then I like,
uh,
and then so he plays it for you and laid me the record.
And then Chi,
it was always very vague.
And then basically I ended up like interviewing a bunch of,
uh,
black boots about the themes of the record.
But it was like I interviewed this about maturing and charity and like,
and,
and cheating and knowledge.
It's so interview Jay Interviewed Will Smith interviewed rock interviewed,
uh,
my Herschel Holly,
I would call that top notch blacks.
Yes.
Then the tops the top blacks.
Uh,
and uh,
it was,
it was great like,
but it's only on title,
so I think there's like a shitty version on youtube.
Did you even consider for a second doing a joke where like the album ends and
you're like,
how do you [inaudible] this is some bullshit.
I'm just fucking around.
That's great.
Um,
uh,
he did,
he played me the Oj song and I was like,
I can't wait to see you do that on Carpool Karaoke.
It's probably cause it just says the and went over number.
Um,
but uh,
but yeah,
so I know him a little bit,
but like it was,
that was like a professional thing.
Like personally,
it's super famous,
talented black superstar like type person who you haven't met.
That's really the game.
I feel like,
you know,
I'm all,
or Kelly,
did you meet her Kelly?
No,
but I,
I,
you know what's funny about that r Kelly documentary is that most of us thanks,
um,
is,
uh,
ever even the women that he like abuse,
like he locked her in a safe
for four days.
They all say he sang like an angel.
Every single one o said they sang every single one of them.
Everyone said the same thing.
Sang like an angel one couldn't read well crazy,
every single part II.
The that didn't need to set up,
couldn't read well they would keep it at the dock or not.
I haven't watched it.
We have it by watched it.
Um,
but I remember reading the Chicago Sun Times peas,
like the big writer,
then the expo's a few years ago and it always stuck with me and they said that
he was known to be,
to go long periods of time unpaid camped and he would show up with like stained,
you know,
sweat pants and like just mad hair and stunk and like,
that's how he would go out like that all the time.
That's almost like a handicap in yourself.
Like you just get someone right.
You're so attracted to women that you're like,
you know what?
Let me see.
I'm not to wipe my ass.
Let's see what happens.
I still was still good.
I'll get four numbers.
Yeah.
I thought of something watching the r Kelly documentary,
which is so he's illiterate and he's the victim of sexual molestation at a young
age.
There you go.
So in essence,
he is precious.
He's,
yeah.
Am I running the booth?
Liked it.
He's precious.
I couldn't do that on the breakfast club.
No,
no,
no.
He's,
he's a person who just had a talent that crazy to other people like he,
but he is make no mistake.
And that's what Eric about,
dude got in trouble for sinks for.
She has empathy for him and bill Cosby.
It's like she's right.
You should have empathy for this person,
not for the actual fucking monster.
And he's a sociopath and he heard hundreds of people but he,
no one invented someone at some point invented mold molesting kids.
Yeah.
But every since then for the most part had it done to them and then they did it.
And it's like,
it's fucking sad and sick,
but like you feel bad.
I feel bad for the person.
I mean not like I actually feel bad for our Kelly,
but no,
and it's interesting what is precious to me because now it's now that it's
social media exists and we're discovering the truth about celebrities lives,
but there's a lot of pieces of shit that had been that really talented people.
I'm not going to say it's almost all right.
What?
It's fucking pretty close.
There's a Michael Jackson documentary coming out that's of like,
that's got to hurt him.
Like that's going to be it's sound machine.
It,
no,
but it's going to be at Sundance and it's going to be like,
it'll be,
isn't that one lambing wine and uh,
like it'll probably be tantamount to our Kelly's.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
How are we not,
what people are still on the fence about Mj?
Like,
no,
they weren't.
And then,
but time passed and there were no new allegations.
And what you hear if the Adam May have defenses,
voices taking moral inventory or listen to fucking thriller,
right.
I'm going to listen to thriller every time off the wall too.
Maybe more.
Cause yeah,
cause I,
you know,
I love disco.
Uh,
but like yet,
so time passes and people go,
that's what you remember.
You remember the fucking Showbiz is full of fucking monster bags.
Like there aren't very many in comedy anymore.
Like people that we all know is like a real fucking piece of garbage.
That's like the top people are not first not garbage,
Dave.
Chris,
like these guys are not garbage like Jim Jefferies,
Tom sicker and Neal Brennan.
I mean,
according to Brad Pitt,
um,
we're doing Brad's list only.
Oh,
we looked in the list.
Oh Sweetie.
Oh,
please.
Here.
Which should have like a,
we should have a party of Brad part us.
Um,
so rude.
So Jim and who?
Bill Burr.
Oh,
great list.
Great List.
Um,
so,
uh,
yeah,
but Michelle Biz is like,
I mean,
littered with fucking Presley.
Elvis Presley.
Jerry Lee Lewis fucks his cousin who's Polanski.
Polanski.
Well,
that's the thing where people are like,
are you worried about the,
where do you feel about,
about the Eric Kelly thing?
It's like Rick James was a convicted sex offender.
So I like,
I don't know what to tell you.
He had been locked up for,
uh,
holding a woman captive and burning her with a crack pipe.
Cheeses.
It's atrocious.
Yeah.
But that sketch is fucking hilarious.
It's like,
have you seen the sketch is a hilarious doubt,
a monster.
And we say at the end,
Rick,
you are forgiven for all of your crimes.
Um,
so,
uh,
yeah,
Showbiz moms,
but I think it's less and less,
I think.
I think it's less,
I think it's less like,
like it used like Jesus,
like that type of shit like drugging bill Cosby,
drugged crazy 60 women that aren't,
that came forward.
60 sets.
Insane man.
But those women all got together and conspire.
Yeah.
And they're all,
they're laughing the way all the way to the back.
They're making millions.
They're victimizing their way all the way.
The bank,
they've opened like tons of businesses and like,
like fucking a long plan.
Yeah,
like houses.
It's actually a really great entrepreneurial project.
I told the story in Rogan,
but I had a,
this was,
I dated a girl in Oh four,
five six who like beautiful mixed girl.
And uh,
and she,
I mentioned bill Cosby at one point.
She was like,
Oh,
Mr Cosby,
what a good guy.
And I was like,
you know,
when a girl says something where you know,
she fucked him,
he like one set up and uh,
and I was like,
what?
And she's like,
Oh yeah,
no,
I know,
I know Mr me.
And I was like,
what are you,
what are you talking about?
She's like,
oh,
like one day I was on the street crying and he came up next to me and he likes,
said what's the matter?
And he befriended me and he took me to a,
we went to a play one time and um,
and then,
and I'm like,
you know,
I'm just trying to fuck you and this is in like,
oh four or five.
And she's like,
no,
please,
like,
and then one time he,
I was supposed to come to Philadelphia and I got sick,
but we're thing he did tell me how to like style my hair,
hair and what dress to wear.
I was like,
he was trying to fuck.
And she was like,
nope.
And then all this shit comes out and I texted,
I go,
what do you think your boy?
And she's like,
I think he,
his wife was in on it and just all this shit buy in on it.
Then it was like all this shit of like,
oh,
so all it took was it bit of like,
I don't even like she snapped her up and was like,
oh yeah,
he was.
Yeah.
Why would any guy guys are not nice to women for no reason.
Absolutely.
Here's the deal.
The under any circumstance,
a lot of women don't,
myself included.
You don't learn that until you're older.
Like you genuinely think,
here's why and here's why.
I had the audacity to think I was a human and that you're not and you're right
and that man you are not right.
But that's the thing is I go into the world assuming that I have the same rights
and privileges as a human fucking being.
Yup.
And then you just don't think you're like,
oh that guy just wants to fight what?
I'm just a piece of meat.
I'm an object.
And then you learn,
you're just an object layer to certain people.
Not all men.
Yeah.
But yeah,
you,
you think you were once like the cool fucking once you'd like to fuck.
Yeah.
That's what I'm told is you get down as much.
That fucking sucks cause then you grow up and then you learn that about dudes
and now you have to be like,
oh,
I tell you get married.
And that's the cool part is that it's becomes a like a Burka essentially.
And now I become a person again.
Once you're married,
especially to another comic and like a guy that can kill another man.
Right.
The other dudes know it and now I get to see who's cool and new,
but I feel like you'd be cool if I fucked your wife right now we're into that.
Yes,
that's right.
You're on the plane was Eddie Murphy.
You know what I mean?
It's true.
That is,
but yeah,
that's,
yeah,
it's a fucking Chappelle used to do a joke.
It's,
he did this when he was like 22 or something.
Yeah.
Maybe women can't sense danger until they're like 30 that's pretty for like,
maybe I shouldn't get into the van with all of it.
All of them.
He's just a fucking crazy good at observation ended up.
But uh,
but yeah,
like the,
the,
this thing of like guys are not nice for no guys are just not like that.
Yeah.
Like there's,
if a guy is being nice to you,
he wants to have sex with you.
I know.
That's true.
And actually the funny thing is the flip side is [inaudible] Wong always says
like,
Neil,
you have like all these like antique views of women.
Like,
like I'm like men and women kind of aren't friends and she's like,
I'm friends with so many guys.
I'm like,
I don't know Allie.
Like I'm sure she is,
but I don't think I'm uh,
I have like antiquarian views.
Well,
I think you're,
I think you're mostly right.
What happens though as a guy is like,
once you yourself get married and have children,
then you're just like,
oh,
women are people too.
And I think that 50 is the age where I'll actually handles and now you become a
person.
No,
it started to go down and then,
yeah.
Then your testosterone gets to like manageable levels.
You're still monster,
still a monster,
but it's like,
oh yeah,
I'm a monster sometimes.
Do you think it's testosterone that makes you monsters?
It's,
you know that women have children.
They are,
their testosterone goes down when they're just,
when they spend time around children because the body is like,
hey,
you're going to do something crazy.
Yeah.
Around these you can feel it,
you could feel it and you become genuinely friendly to women.
You become a woman.
I'm more like a woman than a woman becomes like a man.
Yes.
And then what happens to us is we wise up to the system and the matrix and we're
like,
wait a minute.
And then we want me to wear spanx and we get like if we're just around those
kids,
we stay that way.
But if we get away from the kids and then we're like,
what am I becoming?
And then you see a girl walking down the street,
you put on your car,
you can shut the fuck up.
You just do something.
We'll call you,
like to stay.
You like to remain sexy in case she came,
it dies.
Right?
Absolutely.
We talk about this constantly.
Got to keep it out a little bit.
I just had a physical,
um,
I'm scoring numbers,
man.
He's like putting up numbers.
Like you're looking great.
You're doing great.
Drop 63 on this amount of pounds.
Dropping bombs on spools.
We talk about what the second wife will be like,
the Dalmatian one,
she's 23 tops.
It's funny,
I don't want to bother you.
And Korea doesn't ask too many questions.
It doesn't want to see bank accounts by the way.
Gives me my blowing.
Yeah,
that's the dream wife.
Yeah.
I mean honestly like,
uh,
when women are,
I don't
know,
it's pretty like why when people go,
don't you want someone who challenges,
you know,
don't you want to go on the treadmill at fucking eight uphill?
Why the fuck would I want that in my life?
No,
it's true.
On a fucking rubber stamp that you said it,
Mr. The narrative of like,
I want to be challenged and it's good you say it because it's your reality.
So like I say like,
Oh,
like articulate women because I have one.
Exactly.
I can't be like,
it's fucking sucks.
I love jail.
This shit then.
Oh yeah.
And especially now because you have to give me half your stuff.
If we split now what?
You didn't hear what you didn't here with the prenup.
Oh,
you didn't hear about that?
You didn't hear about that
last night.
What about your ration?
Is she a Dalmatian?
You got some money too.
You're doing all right.
Yeah.
It's tough to talk about it or you.
So as you're rushing a Dalmatian,
no,
he said she seemed very appropriate.
Yeah,
she's age appropriate yet.
Cause I'm wow.
Before that it was like not age appropriate.
Yeah,
but a nice,
that one.
I gotta think so.
I have to play defense against her desires.
Like,
no,
this is battling now.
I'm not a cop.
Not a fucking,
I'm not,
uh,
career like I'm not,
if a girl likes me,
I'm not going to be like,
no,
you shouldn't see you guys talk the big talk.
But at the end of the day,
you like having your belly scratched and having love.
You have a 21 year olds can do that.
They can,
but you could not tolerate a millennial girl.
Oh my gosh.
I can't tell her to tolerate that personality.
No.
Uh,
there's this,
uh,
that uh,
oh I was at Bloomingdale's.
Like I'd be like,
all right.
Yeah,
that's true.
I would be fucking annoyed.
Well that's the thing that like when I was single,
like I couldn't even,
I be like,
oh I can't talk.
I would facetime women if I'd met him on an APP.
I would literally,
where we met or date,
like one on a date,
I'm like,
I'm gonna face them,
this person.
Cause you can't,
it's not the same as being in person,
but like it's close.
Yeah.
And you can get a sense of like,
oh I don't want to spend another s fucking second.
Yeah.
Smart having to listen to you.
I remember that taken out.
I took out of the fund box,
a heroin time where it was like,
is that the most offensive thing you could call her?
I could probably like box the hairs up there.
It's up there.
I mean there's nothing that's offensive.
Box of hair is,
so first of all it's nonsense.
Yeah.
That's part,
that's why I was in there.
Right there.
Yeah,
but box,
I mean it's just,
it's so disrespectful.
Wonderful.
Yeah.
I mean she was like,
there was the kind of person,
she was really pretty and I go,
I'm like,
what do you want to do now?
You know,
we're like,
what do you want to eat or something?
And she was like,
yeah,
what do you want to eat?
I was like,
okay,
let's eat this.
And then it was like,
and like,
so where,
you know like during like the general conversations I like,
do you like music to gas?
I was like,
yeah.
And working like they act,
they feel like they're being like,
it's like a fucking
first 48 asking you if you like music.
He fucking box.
No box.
I hair,
no opinions.
You dumb fucking,
she must have been hot cause that's all you guys care about.
That's why I asked her
about getting her phone number.
You got a phone number,
you're like,
it's always based on the floor model.
All right.
I want the number,
you call the number and set it up and you're like,
all right.
And then the exchange is like,
oh yeah,
like I there,
no sex is worth this.
Oh yeah.
Like it's not worth like you can't,
after a certain age you're like,
I can't the rest of your body,
the parts of your body that's not dick.
Or like,
we're not putting up with this.
Well this is how bad this was.
I was all dick when this happened and this is like,
I'm like 22 and I still was like,
no,
no way.
It's too much work.
Yeah.
I saw a lot of one too lazy hunter though I am 26 I had to kind of initiate our
court ship a little bit.
Yeah,
it wasn't,
I was never like,
I just,
you know,
I had my,
my one of my roommates was one of those like,
you know,
all systems go guys who's just like,
we should hang out.
We should did man.
And like we would be at a bar and he was next to him.
He was like,
how are you doing the night?
You're beautiful.
I'm feeling,
I feel happy now that I'm just talking to him like and like depth went away.
He would look across the room,
boom.
And then you'd see him with a different girl and then we'd leave the club,
he'd be with another and he was just going to take what else?
Anything.
Yeah,
cause he had to,
Yup.
I was like,
look,
if if it's not like in my eye line and kind of generates itself,
I'm out.
But I mean now you haven't been single in the age of May to now.
Like I'm literally sitting women like Ari,
do you want to fuck me?
Oh right.
Not playing this like mystery game.
Like you put it out there that clearly pretty,
I won't say,
I don't think I say fuck,
but like I'm like,
you know,
lay my sheets naked probably.
Now is this on an APP?
You do app dating,
but I'm this,
but that was back then.
Did you do like the celebrity of the Riaa and I did the uh,
the Tinder,
but the big one,
I mean I would get a lot of income.
I mostly,
I don't do any outcome but a lot of incoming on Instagram.
Interesting.
You get hit up a lot.
Yeah.
Really?
Wow.
What kind of girl?
You know,
it's funny when I do the breakfast club,
uh,
40 black women in my,
it might be Ms. Yeah.
Every time you're like a white guy flavor.
Tell me about,
you're doing this.
They're black.
Bummer.
Yes.
The autism
black bummers.
Um,
yes.
So,
so yeah,
would just girls like straight up hitting him,
which is great.
Good for you.
Well I'm sure you do too,
but you just ignore it.
It doesn't tell me he pretends like he doesn't,
I really listen,
I've told you I do get hit on like once every few years,
but by somebody that's respectable and then Oh,
the rest of it's like,
Oh I a lot of them on slack and I get some boxing
girls with the rub,
rub,
rub shirts.
I get,
I get some animals and then I definitely get a lot of compliments.
I wouldn't say
like asking me compliments from gay dudes.
Yes,
that's it.
I get very little gay foot traffic on.
I get,
I get something and it's always a misdirect.
It'll be like,
saw your special man.
I laughed my ass off.
Doesn't hurt that you're easy on the eyes.
What?
So you know,
stuff like that.
Yeah.
That's a funny and you're cute.
That's how girls will just burst joke about like having me a hit on him.
Remember that trick?
It's not huh?
He did a joke about like Nia was making fun of a guy having no game and burrow
was like,
all right,
hit on me.
No,
go fucking a hit on me.
And she went like,
hi.
And he's like,
is that your fucking,
it's fucking hilarious.
But,
but yeah,
girls are bad at it on it's there,
but someone will just be like,
you're really super fun and I want to pass.
I'll get a lunatic is what I'm saying.
Cause most of the,
if they're a fan of mine or something,
they'll know my situation.
You just don't do it.
Yeah,
I'll get that one.
Just lunatic who's like,
I wouldn't mind if you sat on my face and you're like,
yeah.
You're like,
sure.
Like,
you know.
Yeah,
I bet you know,
fucking
lick your balls and you scrum and yeah.
Yeah.
I mean,
they're cool chicks.
Don't get it.
We love,
these are good girls,
girls.
They're good girls.
Why don't you DM him or once in a while.
Keep it fucking interesting.
Yeah.
Why don't you slide up
near the DM.
Stop texting me.
Stop.
[inaudible] get off this APP.
Get on another APP.
We got to tell her.
We got to actually,
we've got to have a break with,
but real quick,
this is going to be you here.
Oh,
it's right.
Mommy knew Brandon.
Do you have any dates coming up?
Anything,
any shows you want to know?
I really don't like,
I don't want that thing.
And then,
and then now I'm just at the store and the west side and he has a special,
another special I should say out on Netflix.
Now.
It's Comedians of the world.
You can also watch three mikes on Netflix.
Um,
of course,
if you've never seen Chappelle show,
get all those DVDs or just rip still available guys,
he still has a piece.
They'll get a little taste,
a little little fun little web.
My big little bit still there.
It's gotta be good.
You guys are doing,
you are too blessed to be stressed.
Excellent.
Look,
we have to break but I feel like we could podcast with you for hours and hours
and hours.
Can we do another one when you come back and we can like break down.
Are we done?
Yeah.
Yeah,
we're pretty much done.
Yeah.
Um,
but it's,
it's really fun to talk to you man.
It's fun.
I love hanging out with other guys in the pit.
Click.
I call it the Brad Pitt Click.
It's Brad Pitt Line said finds funny.
I was on Brad Pitt.
George Takei.
There you go.
That's pretty good.
Alright,
thanks.
You're a good girl.
Thanks Neal Brennan.
Oh yeah,
we'll be back to talking about after this quick break and we are back and guess
what Justin?
Couple days ago,
season three graduate,
gone smashing
premiered on Archie bit oh Latino and and it will keep airing Sundays at 10:00
PM even though the star of the show has seasoned to his information on their
Twitter page.
There is something I've verified.
All the info is correct.
It is.
Graphic is still season two.
Oh,
the graphic.
You're always just talking shit.
I resent.
There's no way to say this because it will not send graphics anymore.
I think it's supposed to be my pub.
Here's how you can sound like a jerk right away.
My says,
then you're done.
You're done.
All of my friends are going,
he's changed and they never thought that until I started saying things like,
like having a publicist.
No,
no.
I hate all of it.
Don't you fucked it all up.
What?
We're standing up something so pure and I'm not shitting on them specifically.
I'm just saying the system.
It's Rick.
I'm a big believer in just like I love my manager and if he was here I would say
this.
It's sort of an outdated thing.
We all know each other.
Who booked me on this show.
Right?
I emailed the Dov actually texted you and you get me no Dobson.
And I'm not saying it's just like it's,
it's not because I'm special.
We're in a different world.
Right.
Can Twitter DM Pete,
was that a sound effect?
That was not a sound effect.
That was a real fart.
That was not a real Forcina.
Just fart it into the Fart Mike.
That's the fart.
Oh my God.
And you were saying something meaningful and of substance and shad is,
it's sandwiched camera.
Do I cresinsky too.
I'd like to thank everybody.
Here's on Hilarious,
but that is how I feel about all of it
for providing the guests for that far.
It was pretty loud.
I can tell you're jealous and you're upset.
Yeah.
My Mom's
my mom.
Very liberal fighter.
Oh yeah.
And Your Dad.
I could pick out one of my dad's farts in a lineup really by Salvador smell in
the dark.
Really?
Like there's an acidity,
there's a salt and vinegar.
Every 15th part that I fart will be one of my dad's.
And I'm like,
that's kind of special though,
right?
Especially,
I guess,
but you don't want to become your Purdue,
you know,
one of your efforts to remind you of the trap,
the meat puppet that you inherited from those two lunatics.
That's my dad is my dad.
It's your dad.
It's really my dad.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
That is amazing.
Where are you from?
Canada.
He's from Massachusetts,
Massachusetts.
Can you at least have morning radio etiquette and throw up my Wikipedia page?
I then asked me what do you want us to ask you?
What do you want us to ask you?
What do you want to talk about it?
What you want us to ask you?
Yeah.
What are you,
what are your leading?
I actually,
have you ever done a radio interview and you know what's coming next?
Because they're going in the order.
Oh yeah.
Again,
these are fancy people problems I suppose,
but I'm like,
you're going to ask you about like my,
my Wikipedia page has a Batman.
I did the Batman videos.
I don't know if you know that.
You don't know where the fuck I'm from,
so I'm guessing you did your Wikipedia page listening to you or the e trade baby
and then it says that nobody knows that.
So that's when it gives away.
If they go Batman e trade baby,
I'm like,
you're reading off,
which is fine.
It's just fine.
It's what I do when I have shows that they did the minimum.
That's what I mean and it's actually I take it back.
It doesn't mean you don't care.
It just means like sometimes it's fun to just talk to somebody without knowing
from Boston.
I look Canadian,
very friendly.
I'm from Canada.
I'm a proud Windsor native,
as Tom Likes to call it
now.
It's very different.
I thought you were trying to exclude me and go,
what do you Canada but going,
are you us?
Well,
yeah,
right Fart.
Like you
know,
oh my God,
what do I do?
When I went to college,
somebody was like,
I know some older guy.
He was like,
you kids are out in your dorm lighting farts on fire
and we didn't know.
Like,
I don't know if you remember the feeling of being a freshman in college and I
want to do a weird Christian college that we weren't like drinking or anything.
Yeah,
I know it's weird,
but we didn't know what we were supposed to be doing,
so we took some offhanded comment that some guy like a fucking Dunkin donuts
said.
I guess that's what we do.
We live for,
it's on fire for the whole year
and there's like a campfire marshmallow.
He kind of,
there's like a,
it doesn't smell terrible.
It's,
what am I,
you know,
want to know something.
I've never done it.
I felt like I was a little intimidated by it and one of my good buddies in
college would do it and so I would just watch him and be like,
yeah,
that's well and the watch.
It's a little bit more of a threat
and it's very tricky because if you do it in denim,
you run the risk of kind of lighting your pants on fire.
Definitely.
We definitely let our pants on fire.
I would see it,
you know,
it would raise up towards the balls.
Yeah,
it glistens the ball kisses him.
But uh,
the real risk you run is shitting cause you get everybody around and you're
like,
Oh God,
I got a great one,
I got to get spread eagle.
Maybe your light.
It's very homoerotic.
Everyone's like,
yeah,
let your butthole light.
Because I would do a Christian school.
Everything we did that was rough.
Housing was very homoerotic and heartbreakingly a lot of those kids probably
we're a gay and that was like how they got it.
It's just like the gays.
Yeah.
Twitter girls at your school or was a singer word but you couldn't go to their
side of the what?
Yeah,
I except for uh,
I think it was a three hour window most nights from like six to nine to six.
So you had a went,
you are on the same floor,
but there were,
what school was this?
Did you haven't heard of it?
It's called Gordon College,
which sounds like my parents hired a,
it sounds like you've made a wise,
old man Gordon to teach me what you end up at,
Gordon.
I was just scared.
It was like a play of being scared.
It was a church kid.
And then I was like,
uh,
really almost to this day,
still frightened of large universities like guys playing Okie cookie and
lacrosse sticks like blacked out drunk.
That's what I think schools are.
They're not so,
but like in high school you're like,
I you already know,
like I don't want to be near that.
It was either don't go to college and just like go right into like youth
ministry or go to a college where you could,
my mom actually was like,
you're gonna miss out on like a social thing more than the academics.
You're going to enjoy it.
And I did.
And that's where I like discovered,
uh,
with more depth that I wanted to do comedy and stuff cause it was so safe.
Yeah.
Nobody was allowed to make fun of you.
Oh,
right.
You know what I mean?
That was the right environment.
It was wonderful.
It wasn't just a big fish in a small pond.
It was like all nice fish,
you know what I mean?
To you fucking kind of,
I mean,
I was sincerely mean this.
Do you,
are you,
I know he's through the fuck in there for no new fracking when you're picking up
on my boss to Heidi.
Really.
Do you ever stop and go,
Holy Shit,
I have an HBO show.
Isn't that amazing?
It is amazing.
Sometimes when I smoked pot it helps me get into that place really.
Cause unfortunately it's not fortunate or unfortunate.
It just is what it is.
Sometimes you're just so busy in the thing.
Yeah.
But it's hard to get that outside of yourself perspective.
Yeah,
and I think that's one of the gifts.
One of our greatest plant allies can give us.
You smoke it and you don't feel like Pete anymore.
It takes it off the shelf.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Or it puts it on the shelf.
Right?
You take all of yourself and you go like,
oh fuck.
And you get in touch.
You know some people practice gratitude practice is very healthy for you.
I like to talk to like 10 year old me and tell him like,
yeah,
we became like forget the show.
You can just be like,
we're comedians.
Yeah.
We did it like we can go to the comedy store tonight and they'll be like,
do you want to go on?
Like that's a big deal.
It's true.
And then the show obviously has a lot of like a warmth and love for stand up
and,
and that.
That is also part of my dream as well.
But it's hard to get in touch with it then.
Then you smoke a little weed or something and it kind of puts you,
it's funny.
Does it always funny?
Is it like I'm never like,
oh dude it right.
But it's like talking to people in high school they called you the f word or
whatever you just said.
It's more like hilarious.
Right?
You realize these things happen.
They have to happen to people.
They're people like everybody that these things happen to our some guy.
Right.
That's your like you keep waiting for someone to realize you're just some guy.
We're all just some guy or some girls.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
How do you have this wisdom about you?
I wish you wouldn't assume my pronouns.
I wish you would have spoken to a younger version of me.
I know.
I wish I had known.
It's always been like this though.
Smart.
Yeah.
He has
the fucking guy,
Pete.
He's got this wisdom beyond his years.
That's very sweet.
How are you,
so you're so you're,
you're married,
you have a kid,
you have a grounded life.
I love it.
Did you have a struggle when you had the baby to care about anything baby
to care.
I want to get the
baby.
It's very like,
you know,
first of all I realize that nobody gives a fuck about your baby or rob Riggle.
When I had my baby,
maybe it was youtube pulled me aside and it was just like,
just so you know,
no one gives a fuck about your baby so you can keep this brief.
Especially in La.
This the town was special babies,
babies driving our fucking testlet corvette convertible going,
I'm the king,
I'm the king.
I'm like,
do you ever go to the funding?
Like a Golden Globe party or something?
We weren't nominated but I went to the HBO go and go party.
It's just a room full of special people wondering if we're all special,
who will look at us and make us feel special.
It's like a nightmare.
That is a,
that's for me the probably the most anxiety filled.
It's the dia.
You can describe what's
going to like a Showbiz showbiz hardy party and feeling complete like I would,
I already know how I feel even going into like an agency.
Me,
it's not good for me.
It's not good for anybody.
It doesn't matter who you are.
I'm sure Jon Hamm comes home from that party and I was like,
well why am I depressed?
I know why ham.
I know why.
Because like it's a room full of look at me is I think there's look amazing.
There's ICU.
My wife Valerie is now,
I see you as a very powerful position.
It doesn't just mean you're the audience.
It means you have the quality of empathy that you can understand and appreciate.
Someone else really the look at me as their,
the lunatics,
but that's a room below look at me is,
and you go home with that sort of weird hollow feeling.
So then it got worse when I had the baby or better if it's a good thing,
it got better and you start going like,
I don't,
I don't really,
wow.
You can remain grateful that you're even kind of in this,
this industry and it is very fun.
You look at your baby and you're just like,
what?
She's there.
She's rocking.
She doesn't know who she is.
She doesn't have any goals.
She's just like a lump of beingness having,
and she's blissing out and you just want to hang out with her.
That's right.
So what are you doing?
Like why am I like,
I got to go to this party?
Maybe,
maybe a fucking Joey Tata who played nap at nine oh two one hour will be there
and he'll come.
Joey will come.
Not Joey.
Joey.
Joey will come up to me like I just did Alan the other day.
I went in to Samuel L.
Jackson,
his dressing room.
Why?
Because not because,
because I'm thinking he might go,
hey man,
I love your show.
That's what you're doing.
Right.
I also wanted just to say he's a legend and he's the greatest,
but like it's,
it's,
it's a bit of a,
I would try to meet Sam l Jackson.
He was right there.
Did you meet him?
I didn't go out of my way.
Yeah,
I went in there.
How would he know what he did?
He was very sweet.
It was him and two other people.
It probably a stylist and,
and maybe a publicist.
Ooh,
you've changed Sammy.
Uh,
so I went in and my wife was there and my makeup person wanted to meet him as
well.
So we're all in there and I just go,
uh,
I'm so sorry to bother you.
Just want to say I'm a huge fan.
You're a legend.
Would you mind doing a photo with us?
And he was like,
sure.
Do you state,
do you still have to point out that you're also on the show or no,
I didn't.
I don't fuck with Samuel L.
Well,
I would say like what I do is I hae a,
you're a hue ledges and everything.
Just,
you know,
I'm also on this show.
I have a funny story about that too.
I know what I,
what you do is you ask the producer,
does he want,
does he mind if I come by and today say one of the other guests in Michelle
wants to say hello typic Oh,
I get hope.
You hope they do.
He doesn't care.
You know what I mean?
It's like my baby in La,
he doesn't care.
He just wants to get it done.
Although he didn't have that feeling,
but then I made the mistake.
I took my phone out and I handed it Sorta presumptuously too.
I think his stylist and she looked at me like I was coming back to one.
She was not the one,
she was not the one that site that's a looked at this era only knows like if you
were alive in these 10 years.
That's right.
Don't give me that fucking song.
I had it open.
It was ready to go in the time it took her to go,
she could have done it and Jay was like a,
she looked like doctor Ruth.
It was like an old white woman that was just like,
like the temperature,
like in the sixth sense when you feel the ghosts,
I put my hand into cold air and was just like,
Ugh,
not for you and gave it to somebody else.
But the other,
the story I had about being on the same show was the first late night I did was
Jimmy Fallon a way back before he had the tonight try like the first one he did,
which I remember my manager being like,
you do it when it's a new show.
They'll remember you when they're a big show now.
They fucking wild you crazy.
That's how it works.
Right?
Pete Holmes on me on the show,
check the archives to be,
help us know who cares.
I'm not saying he should care,
I'm saying that's a bad posture is logic of course.
So I did it and I was so thrilled.
My first late night and green day,
which was one of my favorite,
still is one of my favorite bands.
But definitely back then it was one of my favorite bands was the,
was the group and I,
I did my standup and then they played and I was like,
I wonder,
I wonder if green day,
like I want it to Sam Jackson them.
Right.
If I were to say anything about my standup,
and I also just wanted to say it was a fan.
That's true.
But in that order,
and I went back and I talked to Billy Joe and I just too fucking sentences talk
to the bass player.
And then I'm like,
I guess they didn't see it.
Trey called the drummer comes out and he's the only one that like said anything.
And he goes,
hey,
stick with it.
I'd rather you upset Nazi.
We were just on the same show.
Stick with it.
It's like,
keep at it,
keep at it.
But a fucking girl bears heartbreaker music guy,
John,
what's his name?
Stamos now his band leader,
uh,
cold band leader told me small piano this year.
No,
last year.
He's like,
hey man,
keep doing it.
I was like,
oh my life.
It's like,
of course guys like,
don't,
yeah,
don't stop man.
You got,
so I was like,
that's like when Brian Regan would,
he sort of famously,
occasionally we all bomb a corporate show from time to time.
It's just what you do,
but you've got a corporate offer and you're just like,
am I willing to feel like Jon Hamm at the end of the Golden Globe Party for this
much wedding?
Yeah.
And then you're like,
okay,
I actually started going to stop saying,
Hey,
I'm,
I'm having a flare up.
Hey,
I'm,
you're the king handyman hamster man.
I love him.
Anyway.
Uh,
Brian Regan did a shitty sat at a corporate show cause it was just terrible.
And somebody afterwards came up and was like,
so what do you do for a living?
They asked him what he does in that moment.
If you're Brian Regan,
I bet you're making at least $250,000.
You want to be like,
I just made 250 k it'd be a,
if somebody's thinking that would never do,
but I,
it'd be amazing is if that person asks him that and right then he pulled out the
check for that Gig.
It was like,
that's what,
if there's ever a moment that's appropriate because we know,
Oh God,
Jesus Zang,
Ku chicken
farting.
That bothers me is that we're doing bits.
We're telling stories.
The only time I hear Nadave fucking laugh is when you rip one and this is the
world we live in.
You'll June just so blind siding.
It's hilarious.
Hilarious.
Just farts.
Are you going to sell that microphone on Ebay?
You can eventually,
but it's going to be a six figure starting bid for sure.
In Japan you'd be able to buy a fart and microphone in a vending machine.
Your ramen use parents
who farted in the WHO farted.
So wait,
you were saying before though,
you said that you would almost tell your manager now like it,
dude.
Oh yeah.
Before the first farm.
For the first part it was interesting to me.
You're blaming me is the,
I have any control over when the farmer insisted on the farm.
I did,
but for good reason.
People enjoy.
Dov loves it.
The Dov clearly loves it.
I'm sorry Pete.
I can't control when the
interview and I seem to recall no farts.
He would have been able to tell you what's wrong with you.
It's true.
We had hummus and for lunch,
so gross.
So gross.
I'm not a like no judgment,
but like no judgment.
No judgment.
It's heavy.
Yeah.
It's like no offense,
judgment coming.
Can I be honest with you?
I'm not the type of person who usually says this far in front of your spouse.
In fact,
no,
of course they do.
What are you crazy
green and
he's dragging your shoulder.
You can't have comedians on that audience for clown,
for a street performer.
Clown from Montreal in the booth
we meet someone with better humor,
sense of humor.
Then blue band get something good,
knows what's good.
I don't remember what I was saying about managers and you just said though,
I was saying at this point it feels antiquated.
Idea of meeting a guy who can plug you into things.
It's a bee.
It's actually a beautiful thing.
We can frame it negatively and say managers are irrelevant.
I actually really love my manager.
I like working with my manager a long time.
You've been together?
Yeah,
over a decade.
So I want to,
I'm going to say it with my manager.
I really love my manager.
That being said,
so taking my manager out of it,
it's not,
you can,
you know what I mean?
Yeah.
You can chance the rapper this shit.
Like you're at the store,
you're at the store.
Dalea is that the story?
You know what I mean?
If you're getting even those early guys that get like the open spots,
like so newer guys still have access to the same people.
That's true.
Be Funny.
Don't be a dick.
Talk to people that you could get on some shows without someone being like,
look,
I know like who the fuck?
Who Cares?
That's sure.
Different world.
Yeah.
And then what happens is that's what they sell,
right?
They sell the access.
I mean essentially.
And then the access sort of comes in like connected to being really funny,
right?
Why?
Ray Romano rather is intro to a book that I love the Intro,
the book was called how to be a working comic.
Did you guys read that?
No,
he wrote a book called how to be a world known intro.
Old Gas.
He was listening
anyway.
I'm actually going to be all right.
Jesus saying so wait,
so what was it?
What you saying that the cough,
my toddler age.
Oh my God.
He said,
uh,
it's the best anti intro.
It's like in the intro that negates the need to read the book.
He's basically saying in code like don't read this book.
Just be funny.
Right?
And like what bird told me when I was starting out,
which was really helpful.
It was like don't be a Dick and be funny.
Those two things together,
really great combo.
Really,
If you want to like,
you know,
what do you need?
What do you need to do these days?
I've got a couple of people to like you and then they help you.
If I,
if I had a new comic that I loved,
you'd be like,
Tom,
check this guy out whether you did or not,
but you do it five times.
One of them in my work.
That's true.
And that's one of the things,
I'm not just saying this to promote the show,
it's one of the things crashing is about we smashing on showtime,
smashing on showtime.
Then we get a Lotta,
sometimes they get shit where people are like do comics help each other?
Like they call bullshit on the idea that comics help each other.
And I'm like if you're a comic and the people around you aren't helpful or at
least open,
people just hit,
you're hanging out with the wrong ones.
Very good.
You know what I mean?
I understand that that might be your reality.
They all want to fucking see me fail one guy,
like not again,
my premise is one guy had called me,
he was pretending he was drunk and the audience,
I was like bad group.
Yeah,
you gotta fucking the people around you.
That's your,
so there's your class that's like the,
the group that you started with.
But then there's these microclimates inside.
I'm mixing metaphors,
but you know what I mean?
And with me it was a bunch of Sweetie putties.
It was me and Kumail and Malaney.
We were supportive and good people.
But not only that,
when the premise of the show of crashing is based on a real time in your life
and weren't some comics obviously really good to you.
Yes.
To inspire that.
Like,
I mean the people that were ahead of you,
you know what I mean?
They absolutely and,
and you know,
that's that that spirit continues.
I still see that when my wife in real life.
So Christian college going to be a youth pastor ended up getting married when I
was 22 my wife leaves me when I was 28 when people call me a cock online.
I'm like literally true.
I am a cuckold.
Like if my wife left me,
I'm a cock.
Really?
That's what a caucus that's like literally that's what it got cold is.
Yeah.
Back in the old days,
you'd write a big wheel bicycle.
You'd have a very light styrofoam,
had golf.
She leave your hand,
Mike.
He's a cuckold leaves you at now?
It's like a,
you know,
I mean you're 28 at the time I was 28 and she's the only person I had ever had
texts.
The only person I had ever dated and I married her very standard cause I wasn't
going to have sex with somebody and not married though.
We did have sex before marriage,
but then we stopped.
That's the most Christian thing.
I can't tell you
until you got married and then we were like,
let's pick it up again when we get to that feel okay to you.
Does that feel right?
You know,
you still feel guilty though.
I didn't feel that bad about it.
I,
I felt like that was kind of the best of both worlds.
There were a lot of people that were like dry humping is huge in the Christian
community when tears moist sound thing,
that's where you dry hump naked.
As long as the way you try naked,
it's moist.
Anything in any long as the hot dog doesn't get enveloped by the button
entirely,
you're still a virgin.
And then there were the Christians,
they would have,
what do you call them?
Sex,
moist hump,
I call it that.
I don't know anybody rubbed the outside of it.
Yeah.
Wow.
We were all still slipping in.
There's never been a group Hornier than Christians,
and I would argue that Christians have some of the best sex of any group is
because we think we're going to help for it.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
It's romantic.
It's like a romance novel where it's like,
all right,
we'll risk the flames for this.
Oh my God.
What do you feel like it's over and you got away with it.
Yeah.
Rush the adrenaline.
No,
I would.
I would wager that we're having some pretty good sense,
especially with that early guilties.
Oh my God.
So then I married her and then she left me and then that's where crashing sort
of picks up is that like I,
I really did kind of fall into stand up.
I was doing stand up.
This isn't real life because you can stand up,
but you got way more serious about it.
After I needed the community,
I needed the friends and Malaney and croll.
Uh,
we're like really sweet,
dear people to meet Tj.
Really cool male and you're,
but you're like new.
Then when this is happening,
we exaggerated how new I am for crashing to make it better.
I was a little bit more established but at the time she had left me,
I had been on TV and stuff,
but that's not like a great,
what what did happen was I wasn't really making a ton of money and then she and
I split,
right.
Cause we didn't Acca did you guys do Naca now?
But I remember,
I remember,
you know I was submitting to,
I used to submit and I get in and all that stuff.
People like to talk about it.
Like if you go your whole life,
it's crazy.
Isn't it funny how in Showbiz sometimes you look back on things that would have
been the biggest break of your life and you're like,
that sounds like torture.
Horrible.
They're like,
you can do 28 schools in Iowa tomorrow and we'll string them together.
So you're on the road for six months and you'll come back with 5,800 pounds
and you're just like,
now I would be like,
that's,
that's a death sentence.
I can't live in a holiday inn.
Express
relevant shit.
What's that?
Do any of your material that you normally do?
Like you can't be dirty.
That's right.
You can't do anything.
Luckily I didn't have anything dirty,
political or sexual,
so I was perfect.
I was,
what's your household?
Super Christian then it was like growing up.
I took it.
I took it harder than my parents.
Really?
Yeah.
That's unique.
My father to this day,
ends phone calls with me by saying,
keep in touch with yourself and don't let your meat loaf.
He loves saying those two phrases,
which are both like jerk off.
Be Sure,
make sure you're having lots of sex.
And it always asks me if I had sunk the Bismarck yet,
which is a submarine in World War Two,
which means have sex.
So they were surprisingly normal.
So when I went to church,
like grownups in Khakis with keys and wallets told me that you'd go to hell.
And I was like,
guys,
you got to shut the fuck up and listen to Dan over here.
Like I just believed growing up.
So I was like,
Hey,
he just said he knows the secrets of the universe.
Why would he lie?
And your parents were like,
no,
it's not that serious.
Well,
I was,
I got more of that at church.
You know what I mean?
You didn't talk about it.
And they went,
you know what I mean?
It's like we all went,
but I listened.
Yeah.
But that's interesting.
The grownups know how to go to church and be like,
yeah,
you're say that when you're there.
But kids are like,
now these grownups and the nice sweet grownups,
you know,
household was pretty tumultuous,
not like horrible,
but your shit is your shit.
My parents didn't
like each other and they're fighting a lot and stuff.
So then you go to church and like the nicest grownups,
you know,
like these new,
like father figures of other figures are like wearing nice suits and giving you
cookies and lunch.
They're just like,
hey,
you know,
uh,
don't you want to go to happen?
And you're like,
yeah,
so like I the,
you know,
if it's a hook,
the hook was put in me way deeper.
My brother was older so he was just like,
he was already having sex and doing drugs and seven he was just this fucking
sex.
So like it just like took to me was he like Pete,
what the fuck is wrong with you?
I W he kind of regrets that actually cause I'm crashing.
Like my character talks about real things like worrying that Jesus,
we're going to come back because you know a Christian belief is that Jesus is
coming back at some point,
the second coming.
And I used to worry that Jesus would return while I was masturbating,
which obviously is funny,
but it's not really funny if you think about it,
it's not really funny.
Like you're masturbating so you have this like irrepressible urge and it's
totally normal.
Yeah.
Not only are you kind of like guilty about it,
but you're also worried that Jesus might come out on a golden cheap,
like the car,
just like I'm here to take you home.
What are you doing?
You know,
like,
and you go to hell.
So I think that's really funny because I made my peace with that,
but my brother will watch crashing and he'll call me and he'll be like,
I'm so sorry.
I feel badly.
He feels like I was abused and he was just like,
I didn't know my little brother was in the bedroom next door,
like thinking he was [inaudible] to hell.
But I actually,
I,
yeah,
sorry.
I actually think it's really funny man.
I've had enough distance to be like,
to be masturbating and looking at the clouds.
So like just give me five minutes.
Yeah,
he always did Jesus a lot,
you know?
Well it's a scary idea,
you know,
it depends on how he's one second one sex and just doesn't go well with it.
Like a,
you know,
pretty Christian upbringing.
Like I had pretty Catholic parents and yeah.
You know,
you start to definitely feel like this is a bad thing.
Sexual thoughts,
sexual feeling.
My father,
which we'll ask mom and my dad were Catholic and they gave me a little bit of
that Catholic guilt.
I think that's why,
I'm not to say I'm grateful for it,
but like it almost makes us funnier.
That's one of the things that we deal with on crashing as well as like already
obviously already as like he's got a lot of demons and he's so funny.
Yeah.
I Sofa and like we had a line,
we ended up cutting it,
but he was like,
he was like,
now you're,
my wife left me funny.
You know what I mean?
Richard Pryor was,
I was raised in a brothel in Peoria and it's not to say that we crave or ask for
suffering,
but it is interesting that stand up is one of the fortunate professions.
Going back to that gratitude that you can alchemize it a little bit.
We take that weird thing,
I'm,
I'm jerking off and I'm worried that you'd like to the point of tears,
like I'm worried that Jesus is going to catch me during up and then you use it
to make an HBO show that's Fucking,
he's pretty awesome.
That's redemption.
So redeeming moments also like the highest form of that suffering.
Turn,
turning it into a piece of,
that's exactly right.
He says,
you sub domain all the suffering into you.
We can be doing drugs or gambling or prostituting,
but instead we tell fart jokes or farm into a microphone.
Right.
And make millions of people happy.
You could.
You could and a lot of us do in my heartbreaks is you can fold into yourself.
We're all in this together and that's one of the reasons the show is called
crashing.
Not to make this to afterschool especially,
I'm just saying the idea of crashing is if you're trying to be a comedian or
doing anything that's different or interesting,
where in your heart to do it's a dream.
If it sucks,
Marina Franklin says this and my character in the first season,
she goes,
if it sucks,
that's how you know you're doing it.
Right.
That's why we tell the story about Naca trying to book colleges.
That's why he's telling a story about [inaudible] offering warm up or a barking,
handing out flyers because I want every comedian out there to watch it and go,
oh good.
Because when I met like I would be barking and fucking Demitri Martin would come
by and be like,
I barked for the Boston too and you're just like,
it might as well have been cocaine.
He might as well have given me cocaine.
That's what it is.
I was just like,
my feet weren't touching the ground for the rest of the day.
When Jim Gaffigan told me I started the Boston and is that place still a shit
hole?
And you're like,
yeah.
He's like,
yeah,
it's kind of good.
You want to start where no one's going to see you anyway and you're just like,
oh fuck.
Yeah,
you just that little moment,
just a little moment of of grants and that and that sort of stuff would happen
all the time.
And that's kind of one of the things.
Obviously we want the shed to be super funny and interesting,
but there is something in there that's hopeful that you,
and it doesn't have to be a comedian.
I think comedian is a great catchall for like a dream because it just means you
want who you are to be accepted.
Yeah.
Architects also want their thoughts to be accepted,
but we have the added benefit that we can be really funny.
That's true.
By the way.
Speaking of the show and then poor already always thinking about them and
wondering is do you know anything about him?
Is He,
oh,
I don't know.
I mean I saw the photos of a,
of his nose and I would say this if he was here,
you know,
we're obviously,
we're show brothers and I love the guy,
but I was watching it last night and I was like,
man,
we thought his nose was bad on the,
on the show.
And then unfortunately it got worse.
But is he in Rehab right now?
We're in jail.
I think he got out of Rehab and he apparently he's not.
He's not on heroin.
That's,
that's what that's good is that I think he's passing his pee pee test.
I'm not really the authority.
No,
no,
no.
I just had a quick thought.
Oh,
I don't mind talking about it.
I just want to be clear.
Anyone listening,
this is not like from the source,
right,
right.
We don't,
when I do talk to rd,
we don't talk.
It's very hard to talk about that stuff.
We,
you can you talk about it without talking about,
and you're like already,
please,
uh,
we love you.
Please take care of yourself and you still love to,
he's so beloved by,
it's crazy.
I had fans,
I can't,
whenever we tweet a preview or something,
uh,
of crashing like a 15 second thing and he's in it,
he's in the 15 second preview.
All my Twitter's just clogged with these loyal fans that he's like,
where's Adi?
Morati.
Yeah.
More fucking rd.
This show sucks.
Except for I
love,
I love him.
And,
and,
and it's hard not to love him,
but he's so,
so,
so funny.
He rifts so many of the great things he said.
I think one of the reasons the show got picked up was because already rift this
whole monologue in the scene where he's just talking about struggling with
addiction and kind of like what we were talking about,
like mad TV and getting there,
but feeling empty and all that sort of golden globe feeling and going to drugs
and really struggling.
I mean it's,
it's,
so when I had,
I had doctor drew,
you guys had doctor drew on a couple of times.
I told him,
I've never been more sure in my life than addiction.
That addiction is a disease.
You know what I mean?
It's,
it's not,
I know,
I know you know that,
but then you're like,
oh,
nobody wants to stop more than rd.
Yeah,
he's got it.
Yeah.
He wants it,
but it's not a here.
Right.
Something going on
going on inside of them.
How well versed,
because you,
you,
you know,
you took,
took to the Christian upbringing and then you,
you went to a Christian college.
How were well versed,
are you in,
you know,
the Bible and Christianity and,
Oh,
are you,
I,
you know,
that's interesting.
Compared to some,
not,
not great compared to most.
Pretty Great.
So I wanted to get your take on these um,
Christian jokes.
You know,
it just tell me heart,
this is breaking away.
I just want to know.
I W I will to Senate,
you know,
these references like weather,
would this be funny to college peak and help out it.
Season three of crashing is about my character joining the Christian comedy
tour,
which is something that I've done comedy show and yeah,
it's an interesting mark.
I one time got in trouble for saying sob,
which isn't this where it's an acronym representing swear
presented a represented,
I got reprimanded for saying penis.
Yeah.
And I wasn't saying like suck it.
I was just just like saying that you know someone's penis.
And then I got off stage,
this was at a juniors in Erie,
Pennsylvania and the woman who had bought the club was like,
I only like clean comedy.
So when you get booked they're like,
can you do a clean set?
And I looked at it like,
hey,
I need the work and kind of a challenge.
So I just literally made the 45 to 60 minutes work like that.
Yeah,
and she was like,
you said,
penis up there.
I was like,
are you seriously busting my chops?
Even before I watched this?
It,
it just sort of,
it just sort of breaks my heart that there is Christian music,
that there is Christian comedy that we that because as somebody that used to be
in that world,
it just hurts me that we're like,
we're not in it.
Like we're not feeling what you guys are feeling.
You know what I mean?
Like segregate
this guy.
I don't know this guy,
he has the same complex emotions.
Like there's a burden to my people.
I still consider them might people.
It's like you're not allowed to express your doubt.
You're not allowed to express your anger.
You're not allowed to express your child ugliness.
You know what I'm saying?
You got to always put on that face.
Jealousy.
That's what I mean.
And that is not as,
as I interpreted it,
and I don't think that's really much up for debate.
That's not the message of Christ,
that authenticity and realness and truth and the light is like the fucking
point.
So when I see us going like,
well a lot of times Christian,
this is maybe is better before I do this.
We're trying to represent holiness.
Like I think if you are holy,
like if you connect into the infinite consciousness that erupted into the big
bang and made everything,
if you can get into that feeling of oneness,
chances are you probably are pretty economists,
gentle,
nice patient,
not very horny.
You know,
prison not having 12 Michelob ultras Kinda guy.
You know what I'm saying?
Like we're not watching it hardcore.
We're not reading barely legal,
but that that comes a crafter.
The inner transformation show.
My people and I used to do this,
go,
oh,
I see the fruit of the inner transformation.
So I'll pretend that I have it.
That trust,
because that's all that matters is I just want to be in the group so I don't
swear.
Bump up again.
You bump up against what you,
when you're not in that group and you meet that person,
you bump up against what you perceive as this,
the phoniness.
That's what you,
you go like you're putting on something here and I want to be in that you don't
express any doubt and that you have all the answers and it feels like it's it's
cart before the horse and I sympathize.
I'm not saying are a bunch of holy,
a phony holy people.
I'm saying when I was in that church,
I felt it and saw the need to do it because there wasn't land,
there wasn't freedom,
there wasn't room for your doubt.
They might say like your doubts are welcome now they're fucking not.
They're not and neither is like my alcoholism or my drug addiction or my porn
addiction.
It's not.
We all like,
you know when youth pastors would take back in the day before the Internet would
go for a conference that take over a whole like a holiday inn.
The porn like ordering went back when he had to order porn,
but like times 10 of course,
because they're like this very,
I think,
juicy,
exciting electric alive idea that Jesus was representing,
got turned into.
Don't jerk off and you know what happens when you do that?
Porn rates go through the roof when you finally have a weekend away from Helen,
you're rigid wife.
You know what I'm saying?
It's sucks that we've lost the narrative.
I didn't come here to preach,
but anyway,
when we say there's Christian comedy,
it breaks my heart because I think bill burr is doing comedy.
That is true and is therefore Christ ish.
You know what I'm saying?
You're saying it's,
it's,
it's on the side of this is what it's
fucking like to be a human.
It heals us.
It gives us solidarity.
It makes us feel less alone.
That's so much better than going up and being like,
you know,
Bathsheba was on the roof.
I know David Tuck a little peekaboo.
Like who are you helping?
Okay,
you just did the first pages.
Yeah,
sure I did.
I don't know.
Actually,
I could tell you some help me.
Let's see what the are.
And by the way,
my heart is open to this man.
Okay.
What's up strong church,
Chris here.
You know,
they always say that preacher jokes are the worst.
So we thought what you put that to the test.
This is the preacher joke challenge.
How do we know that cars are in the New Testament?
Because Jesus was a car painter.
Carpet.
Can you pause it please?
Yeah,
yeah.
That's one of the worst jokes I've ever heard.
That was why.
Yeah.
It's,
it's like forcing,
it's terrible.
Yeah.
When I went to Disney land and they were,
when you were waiting in line for like the monsters inc ride,
they were like write a joke and they'll put it up on the screen.
And I was like,
uh,
the joke that I wanted to be on the screen and I'm like,
I'm a professional comedian.
I can do that.
Yeah.
The joke that I wrote was what do,
uh,
what is Mickey Mouse?
What happens when Mickey Mouse cries?
Or what does Mickey Mouse cry?
Mouseketeers that's good.
It's not good.
And I appreciate that.
I also liked it,
but it's like you're just trying this is that is 10 times better than this shit?
Yeah.
This is word.
Quite a painter.
A carpenter.
It's like there was that did somebody did it and I liked the way you said that.
We just,
just so and like you said it like you were literally upset.
There was a nickel back parody songs.
Somebody tried to go weird owl on look at this photograph and they went,
look at this Frodo graph.
It doesn't sound like photograph.
I'm out and car painter is not what we say.
No,
fucking get out of here.
Get out of here.
Let's go to the next.
Appreciate your rage at this now.
Why didn't know what I have to punish and discipline the chickens on the Ark.
Hold it.
Hold it by that.
Why did,
no,
I have to punish and discipline.
Discipline as a clue.
All right.
The chickens on the Ark because they were clicking around.
I think you can do that.
That sounds like no,
you're right.
You might be that
the chickens,
I mean it's going to be the chicken playing about,
yeah,
it's a bunch of heads.
A badge,
a something with eggs.
Right.
They were to get to the other side.
No discipline.
They were,
they were too excited to be on eggs cause they were using foul.
Ah,
I
gotta get him laughing.
Here's the best part.
Yeah.
This nerd is like foul language.
It's not terrible.
That one's at least not terrible.
But that last right here is so big,
but I do.
Yes.
That's big.
Laugh was too big and the guy's delivery was not very good.
It's deadpan.
This,
what's going on here?
Just one more little dip into the Pete preaching pool is,
is like,
what are we saying about a faith for grown intellectual interesting people when
the jokes that we can appreciate our baby jokes.
Right.
You know what I mean?
Like we don't understand.
Have you read the Bible?
If you read the book of job and sit in the complexity and the sex and the
violence and the doubt and the shame and the fear in that book and that people
are actually drawn to Jesus.
Do you know Jesus drew a crowd?
It's like fucking hanging out with Jim Carrey.
Like if you went,
people came and listened to them.
It's not because he was staying there.
Bow fucking language.
You understand?
You think you can draw an impromptu crowd back in the day when like 15 feet over
someone's like just killing a goat for fun.
Like,
like I had to code like you had medieval shit to get me with.
People wanted to listen to Jesus and it's become like how many lollipops to goes
to
like how the fuck did,
wait,
wait.
Do you guys even a better joke than the car?
Everything is a better Joe carpet.
Do you want to guess the joke answer to the,
how do you make holy water?
How do you make holy water?
First of all,
let's look at how distant with the hole punch with a way with a hole,
punch a hole,
punch.
Something about the punch.
Oh,
right.
But look how disinterested the kid is listening on the left there.
That's fantastic.
And I was so bored just like,
God damn this right before you left the church.
They make holy water.
How do you make wonderful,
oh,
he's milking it.
Get rid of the water.
That is not a joke.
Get regular honor and boiled to death.
Oh,
oh,
oh
no.
It's a guy who's excited about a highway.
Wow.
Seriously.
There's wow.
Dilate Trans Canada highway.
I just did a show.
Martha has the show was scientist where he was like,
uh,
when you hear a real orgasm or a real laugh,
when you speed them up or slow them down,
they sound like animals.
Like if you take,
yeah,
that sounds like animals and fake laughs and fake orgasms.
When you slow them down,
sound fake.
They still sound fake.
So your brain is actually doing a similar type of analysis.
It's like usually to slow.
Actually,
one of the things we learned is if you're going to fake a laugh,
speed it up.
It makes him seem more animal way.
It's what if you take a real laugh and slow down or speed it up.
It sounds like a chimpanzee,
but a a fake laugh.
Slowed down sounds like.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Right.
We're slowed down a real lapse.
I was like,
Ooh.
Right.
Same thing with an orgasm.
Isn't that crazy?
Yeah.
So that's why your brain can tell it.
It has a in thing
that obviously whether or not you can trust somebody and whether or not they're
being forthcoming with you is important.
Yes.
Survival of our species.
So reading laughs and reading orgasms is actually like something you can do.
Interesting.
And it's probably,
it's not just a gap.
We have an innate ability.
Do you know conscious?
That's what you mean.
It's unconscious.
Subconscious.
Subconscious,
yes.
Sorry.
I would say your subconscious is unconscious.
You are so funny man of these kids are,
this is so funny.
Like why do the thing if you're not remotely interested,
well I do know what you're sweating.
You realize how fucking lame this joke is.
Break it down.
So the joke is how do you make holy water get regular water and boil and Devin
like using basically that's like an old lady who was like,
well you just got to bolt to Dale up.
Devil advocate.
Exactly.
It was a mistake that someone goes,
wait,
that's a drug.
Did this,
this boil the devil is kid.
Cause I didn't,
what did he laugh?
Did the kid on the left laugh or was he like,
well let's see it again.
Can we see the reaction of the,
that's what I wanted to see.
If he has enough wherewithal to be January board,
get rid of the water.
He
was like,
go fuck yourself with that Joe.
He's also,
he's,
he's Jay Leno.
He's Jay Leno winning him.
He's,
he's only thinking about say his.
That's right.
He's not listen [inaudible] Jay Leno coming up here.
Yeah,
he's,
he's thinking about his thing.
Um,
God,
this is the most rewarding job ever.
Let's go then.
What do you call Jackie?
What do you call Dracula with Hay Fever?
This is definitely going to be a bad pile.
Oh,
right.
Yeah,
yeah.
Let's go to bed
Paul.
And bad
computer from the 1980 [inaudible]
nightmare.
What do you call Dracula with Hay Fever?
The pollen count.
Get it.
I just want to kill my speed.
That's what I'm saying.
It's like I think this,
this I think do it.
Oh man,
here we go.
Oh,
he loves it.
He loves it.
That's what I think about that Joe,
and he's actually good double.
I get registered in the Jews whose book is 70% these people's book,
like these People's book is 70% Jewish book.
How can the Jews to be so funny and these fucking,
as Kurt Metzger said,
these boiled hams so white.
They look like that's a Kurt Metzger joke.
Yeah.
Now he's fucking boy white bread.
Wonder bread in a snow storm.
We are a culture humor.
Let's crew by Maggie said it's cause they boil all the fun out of you because
you can't have any sort of diverse ideas or or Ryan you got,
you got to keep it within the narrow confines.
I hear you.
Right.
Behavior.
That's true.
You're trying,
you're playing a very limited game.
There's a lot of,
it's like operation.
You've got to get him.
Yes,
yes.
But the truth is,
is these girls or the guys slots or slots,
everybody in these videos is a slat.
No,
I'm saying they have their real selves.
You know,
they have sleepovers and they tell a joke about a tampon looking like a stick of
dynamite or whatever it is.
Right.
And they actually have an authentic experience.
And the fact that that authentic experience is separate from their time in
church is again,
but do you think,
tell cause have you ever met or hung out with somebody who genuinely is like,
they're so sheltered that they have this like innocence way.
Are you like,
are you fucking serious where they,
they laugh at shit like that.
Like they have such that,
you know what I mean though?
I know people like that.
I have an aunt who's like 75 and still like that.
We're like,
she reads,
um,
reader's digest,
right books.
Uh,
they have a joke section as jokes like this and she'll sometimes laughed till
tears.
Yeah.
And the enjoyment is,
is,
is two fold.
It's like the joke itself and also the relief that you weren't offended.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
You're sort of laughing and delight that you finally found her a joke for you.
She's reaching for it,
making sure this is off.
Oh,
thank [inaudible].
What's up?
It's off,
right?
How many fucking farts up is off?
Up is on.
I understand that.
Amazon,
I think downs probably off writing down is off.
Oh,
it's one of those weird Meitra down is off.
I just want to make sure it's not picking it.
I do want to say it's not,
it couldn't really be,
you can't really have a church where people are telling Tampon drugs.
I understand.
You know what I mean?
I'm not immediate,
but even the sheltered person that's also going like we'll create the appearance
of holiness bike with holding them from everything when really the way the way
out is through.
You know what I mean?
True,
true.
Holiness.
I think it comes from going through all of that experience.
This is very Buddhist,
but having compassion and love for all of humanity and all of that experience.
Instead of just going,
I'm going to sequester myself as a very 20th century Christianity,
or it's like we're just gonna.
We got no TV.
You got know that and I understand limiting that stuff,
but it's like fully isolate themselves.
It's now look how hard this nerd laughed at that fucking,
yeah,
she hasn't heard much.
She reminds
why is she laughing that hard?
No,
no,
no.
If you needed help building an Ark,
I know a guy that's not a selling building and I know a guy.
Oh,
we missed it was set up on that.
There is no set up.
No,
that's the,
if you need help building an Ark.
I know a guy.
He did it right.
I know,
but I'm saying like as far as the video goes,
that's the beginning of it,
right?
That's the whole thing.
Yeah.
It's also,
this is a print joke.
Yeah.
There
you don't know that.
That doesn't work.
Read Aloud.
I'm going to send this at the pulpit.
Fucking idiot.
You're here to tell me the mysteries of the United States.
This joke isn't going to work by far.
It is your London living.
One time I was in a hotel and I was flipping by a,
it was in the Midwest or something and there were televangelists.
There was a televangelist and he had a fucking hairpiece.
It was like,
if you can't be honest about that,
you're up there talking about truth.
You got fucking,
it's sliding down and Jesus tells him to be honest with our neighbors,
fucking idiot.
What's angering me is this guy sunglasses.
Everyone's doing that.
By the way,
go to the airport.
You look away these hairy face to people facing you.
So weird.
This kid knows how to get to the mall.
This kid,
this kid and old borders at cheese cake factory without opening the mail
and I'm going to preorder.
You.
Want us to
Devin,
Devin free tee shirt,
Bible character had no,
or you could probably get this Adam and eve.
Well Jesus had Mary,
but no doubt.
Looking at it like a jeopardy question.
This is just going to be just let it go.
She really thought that was funny.
Yeah,
funny.
I went to Catholic school and I went to Christian school.
I've never heard of that.
No.
That's another thing that's missing.
We'll this joke play when spoken aloud.
No consideration.
Is this a known biblical reference?
What I said Bab,
she but these are you talking
donkey,
but in the old testament they call them asses,
so God spoke to bail him through his ass.
There's also my favorite is Hosea three eight which is go show love to your wife
just as the Lord your God shows love to the Israelites though they turn their
back on him and love the sacred raisin cakes.
Right.
We thought that was so funny because what the fuck is a segregation case?
Do you know what it is?
It's a euphemism for anal sex
that you're raising cane.
That's your sacred rays and Gig from the Bible.
It says Hosea three eight I believe
that's in your part.
You don't fucking Jew motherfucker you it sounds like hardcore fun.
That sounds like hardcore Israel lights love the sacred raisin.
I did not know that.
No.
I don't know if they did,
but I mean raising cake.
Hosea is PR painting with a pretty broad brush.
Even if a third of the,
of love,
the sacred raisin cakes and everybody was just,
so that was something that people would be like,
you know what amazing cake is,
right?
Like they would whisper it to,
even in the Bible,
we can't put,
I'm writing the Bible say they love eating mass and what are they doing?
They're raising cake given a little perimeter tickle.
Yeah,
exactly.
Getting all,
are they moving in with luggage all the way?
Your big anal guy never done it.
No.
No,
I don't.
I,
it's not because I think it's gross or weird or anything.
What's different for you?
Because you'd be receiving,
unless you,
yeah,
I guess you could strap strap on.
You certainly can.
Oh,
oh,
am I remember somebody at the Green Room of the comedy store.
It was Harlem when I was there with a bow and he was like,
you gotta try it.
It's fantastic.
He's so funny.
I'll tell you two quick Harland Williams.
Uh,
uh,
he's so great.
Can I say this?
I just thought of the joke answer is like I already have a hard enough time
believing that she likes vaginal sex.
That just like a joke obviously,
but like I need to know they like it.
I'm a performer,
so if there's something in there that I'm like,
no,
no.
My wife is,
it's just a joke.
But I'm just saying like anything that kind of hinges on the idea that it's
like,
can you believe she's letting me do it in blog?
That doesn't get me off.
Now I'm there for her and I'm not saying this to be captain,
good guy.
I'm a standup.
It's a disfunction.
I want them to please it.
So if it's like I watch did it and then she was like slower and slower.
I'm not like,
if anybody was like,
hold on.
I'm like,
ah,
I'm not only is this over,
I've lost my erection and I want to read a book right now.
That's what I'm saying.
There's a lot of sense.
Anything that's like degree.
I've had girlfriends,
I had a girlfriend that was like a,
we went and bought a leash.
Neither of US had a dog.
Oh,
we went and got a leash and she,
it was her idea.
Do I have to look at my fucking,
whew,
I was city face.
I do not want to go with my girlfriend with a leash.
And she got this real thin one that like hurt and I hit her with it once and
like it left a red mark and I was like,
you're like,
I'm fucking no way.
Yes,
exactly.
Some people are like,
yeah,
and I'm not judging those people.
I'm just like,
that is not me.
He takes all of my effort to have good old fashioned meat and potatoes in the
vag.
See,
I like,
I like head in the toilet.
I like all that stat is hilarious.
Not with me,
but no one else has that day.
Um,
head in a toilet.
I remember one time I was sleeping with a girl and we know I'm married to you.
Remember that a long time ago.
So we'd get,
we'd gone out a few times.
And this is,
I thought that like,
cause I actually,
yeah,
I really am Lovie dovie and you know,
like relationships.
And I'd now with your,
I assume because I'm sleeping with her that we're,
we're,
we're kind of going towards a relationship,
you know,
in my mind.
I understand cause I'm 23 or something.
So we,
uh,
I've been married for a year,
right.
So we go out a few times crazy.
And then she's at my place and I think we,
I forget if we had,
maybe we had just,
we just had had sex,
we were about to,
and she was like,
you know,
um,
this other guy that I'm having sex with.
And I was like,
yeah.
And she's like,
like he really,
you know,
he bosses me around and like,
like puts toys in me and like really like as much more aggressive.
I like it.
I was like,
oh,
okay.
See what I can tell.
Because you're marriage material.
Yes.
Seen,
oh my God,
great title alert.
Damn.
Cigarette marriage materials material.
But I tell you what,
I got her that day.
Oh wait,
it's doubled.
Doubled.
I dumped at the entire strategy from the kitchen,
like with bananas and,
and like old food
water over her face.
You did made her eat the scrum from Wa.
Yeah.
And I was like,
is that what you want?
Like that.
But then I cried.
Then I cried.
So you're still a sensitive guy.
A good guy.
He didn't like it.
I don't,
what can I do?
I have a good guy.
He didn't like that.
I couldn't do that Shit,
man.
I couldn't do it.
I really couldn't do it.
I don't know.
I never could either.
Again,
I know it's very,
it's popular to be sweetened now,
which I'm,
which I'm all about.
Yeah.
But it's like any time,
even with just regular sex of somebody who was like,
wait,
I just be like,
this is over dude for me.
Here's the thing.
Here's the one that,
that was over for me.
Normal though.
I had this guy,
I had zero
of the um,
oh,
you call it.
But the part where when she's not interested,
where you go,
like I'll just keep trying.
Zero.
That's tacky.
So I always meaning like I only Puerto Rican guys do that.
I only had sex with,
I don't endorse that comment.
She bought the thing.
You can say that she said cause she slept with a number of them.
So they all pulled out man,
the Puerto Rican guy.
What is the move that you're just telling me to that?
Let's just put the tip.
Just let me just let me in.
Then you're like,
oh I don't know.
I don't know if I should.
And then they wear you down and then,
and then you just kind of do it right?
Yeah.
You know when you're part of it,
can you just Puerto Rican,
here's the thing.
Um
Wow.
Here's the,
if I was in Midwest right now,
I would be like,
man,
I'm a long way from la but I'm in La.
You guys are making,
what I was trying to say was this.
Yeah.
To me any amount of like hesitation or like not wanting to do something to me
would always completely turned me off from any sexual,
like if someone's like weirder with,
oh no,
I'd be like,
we did a sketch called Batman can stop thinking about sex.
And there was a line that Batman says,
which is so from my psyche,
obviously we're riffing a lot.
And he goes,
sometimes the sexiest they go,
well we could do is forgive.
I really find it in the dob,
fine by me audio.
It's towards the end.
But that to me this is real vulnerability.
Like there's emotional,
uh,
people everywhere.
People are going to call me a cock,
but I am,
what's up?
You fucking cock what's up cock?
Yeah,
I'm a fucking cock.
Yeah.
Hey Cox.
So suddenly or Mark Walberg,
Oh,
hey,
you're fucking cock.
I saw you over there.
You got no abs.
You're fucking cocky.
Fucking cock.
So anyway,
no apps.
You got no extra.
When do you cap?
I never sleep.
So anyway,
I,
uh,
this is par for the course that we're be going like I don't,
I don't know if I can,
and then the woman being like,
it's fine.
And then me being like,
now I can,
my Grad is such a turn on for me because vulnerability and like emotional safe
is important.
It goes both ways.
Like a safe environment where it's like,
hey,
I don't care.
I got like,
everybody loves this feeling.
I got nowhere to be.
Yeah.
Like I'm,
I'm just happy to be with you that you don't have to be,
I feel like traditionally ladies is like that Lady Shit.
Fuck you.
No.
Yeah,
I got balls.
I got no,
but maybe I've,
I'm a Puerto Rican decide.
I have been with sweet men who look,
just wanted consensual,
nice experiences and those are always better.
Clearly argued deal.
Oh,
as long as you say,
as long as it's baked in the Puerto Rican,
Puerto Rican,
there's no
Tim galactic.
Hello.
I'm available.
That's Christina.
I love the Puerto Rican.
I love Puerto Rican men.
Never ending.
What's wrong with Dory at our house?
Like every weekend time.
Good Bulls on TV.
She's like,
Ooh,
I love them.
You got to be,
I'm just [inaudible] you forgive because I look at this green and the dad is
definitely not looking for it.
We don't have internet,
we don't have internet.
You want to walk in full Lizzy dimensional movies and how crazy that sounds.
Well
the first thing we did when we got this space now four months ago was sign up
for Internet and paid for it every month.
Uh,
a sizeable fee because it's a business book.
Like office park.
Yeah.
And in
four months they haven't been able to give us Internet yet.
Four months.
Meanwhile we've soundproof to room.
We built two sets.
Is it soundproof?
I feel like if I get too loud,
it's kind of echoey.
Well they're not done well done.
I don't know if you heard,
but we had a sponsor who McDonald's and we don't anymore.
So they left.
They fired us after last week's show.
Sorry,
but you were talking Mcdonald's.
They gave us over.
Tell me too much.
Over $2 million.
They did not.
They did.
And all we had to do is paint the set and make it look like an old McDonald's.
We painted it back after they fired us.
Hold up
last week.
It was yellow and red.
If you want to look at the Internet,
you was it based on a bit?
No.
Were you like I just love old Mcdonald's.
Here's that.
When we were moving to this space,
we started talking about it.
Podcasts had some traction.
Our agents were like trying to make something happen,
like make some money off of the fact that we were upgrading the studio.
She's got some corporate
yeah,
I couldn't be more interested.
Um,
so I got,
I'm so interested,
I turned down lower offers cause I thought it was just ridiculous.
And somehow they came up to two point $3 million that we could basically spend
to run this operation for a few years.
And then last week we're doing the show.
That just makes me think you're overhead is way too high.
Then the dog.
Well,
show him Terry.
So here's what happened.
This show last week we put um,
uncle Terry on basically,
and we do a segment with this guy and Mcdonald's full lips out that we basically
did this.
So I'll share it.
Weight,
anything that you have on the hard disk we can watch.
It has to be on the heart.
Yeah.
Go ahead and do a spotlight search for it.
Search again,
like for this guy.
But this is what God,
this is what a lot of lost our money.
If you think this guy's a Christian
and there guys,
it's Pete again and I'm here to do less PTO.
I thought I'd try that again.
And then I also wanted to try this.
Step one did fuck sleep that has these like massive bullets in him.
I haven't used it of chorus.
And then I went to look and they didn't send any better.
He so bad,
but I vibrates.
So I'm sure that's going to get me off and it's going to,
it's got this cool,
cool man.
I got this cool.
A friend of mine had one candy fucks up with his boyfriend and it's a double end
of dude.
So I really want to try this because I like fucking stuff
first.
I'm going to try and get this in
and then turn it out and teeth and gums
coming back.
Why
this guy doesn't worry about Jesus.
There's at all to me that like it's sort of,
I admire his freedom.
Right?
That's what I was saying.
I didn't,
I did not save with Nikki Glaser and they gave us like a,
like a flashlight and I was like,
I'm going to try this.
And as soon as I came inside of it I was like,
okay this,
I'm going to bury this.
Like I had like a dog in a great though.
I've never,
is it great?
He was,
but it wasn't worth the,
the emotional cause I eat like that was the only way I could get there.
It was a gift.
I have to use the gift and then you're just in your bedroom alone.
God,
this guy is like,
yeah,
like fucking stuff.
Be on the American flag
on a cooking show.
Jeff only going to get me off.
This vibrates big.
No,
no to you or an error to Microsoft.
If I was looking at porn and this guy makes a video going,
blue battery,
I got to put this in my ass and he's kind of judgment free.
He's like,
I have a friend.
He fucks it with this kind of beautiful like strangely good shape,
texture to it.
Okay.
It'll be easy to go in.
He sits on a porn site or uh,
or uh,
or not NBC News on Youtube or is unimportant.
This isn't just a blog.
He's a porn guy.
He's making
no like you cropped it.
Well,
I didn't drop it,
but yeah.
Lovely crop like this is so you can watch it and masturbate thing.
It's not just instructional.
I mean,
look at that.
Look at those dead eyes right there.
Those are really,
it looks like he's reading a,
a pastor joke.
I know a guy,
that car painter,
a car painter.
He's having more fun.
Those kids.
Oh my God.
Right.
Wait,
right here.
We find out Mcdonald's was super pissed off.
Like they were not into this at this point.
Was it worth the two point?
Was it 3.2 0.3 2.3 I think it might've been worth.
We'll let you decide.
The clips
go slow.
Don't try and rush it.
Try and go too fast instead of a little hurt.
Try to dick the tip of the day
so he's rock hard.
Did you get used to it?
You learn how to breathe and relax yourself.
Blood plate can be alive.
He's actually,
it's kind of compassionate man.
He is.
Yes.
He's doing it for help.
He's like,
look,
I get it.
Yeah.
Maybe you're new.
I know.
I should just be laughing,
but I'm like,
it's got a lovely,
I disagree wholeheartedly.
I'm with you though.
Yeah,
I'm with you and that I feel like this guy is,
he is shame-free.
Nope.
I like it'd be celebrated because as he shaved for you once to help others.
No,
no,
you guys are wrong.
This guy is a total fucking weird beard and he needs to learn shame and
boundaries.
There's no,
he needs to have some shame.
Shame is a good thing and small those in their
mind.
I thought he was wearing underwear.
It's nice.
It's got a nice feel to it.
So let me try and turn it on.
The remote doesn't seem to work,
at least when I first tried it with turning on and just,
it cycles through the steps.
That's just a constant.
I hate his face.
It's like it's evolving space.
I hate this guy's fucking fall
is how much of the video is left and it makes me feel so don't you feel gross
inside?
He loves his,
this is his favorite.
I hate this video
where it
took you.
Yeah,
your happiest place.
See how sick he is?
He has no compassion.
I love,
no,
my husband's got mental problems.
Why?
This is I like,
cool guys.
This guy's not like
I like,
cool.
I'm going to try out the sleep now.
My God.
And like I said,
I'm really kind of disappointed that this won't be vibrating too.
But I think probably speed.
I didn't think it really has some really weird
because he was like ass not to assume that all gay men do ass play,
but he seemed like a straight guy being like,
look,
it's not that weird.
Oh,
right,
right.
Do you want to play with your body?
That's why I kinda thought it was.
But he's got the gay pride necklace and the fuck's leave that he likes to use of
this friend.
It's kind of neat.
So did he say that?
I thought he said I have a friend that uses,
I think he shares it with his friend.
Well no I think he,
I think he's right.
But there's also another part in this we definitely talks about.
It'd be cool to fuck this with somebody else.
It'd be cool.
Yeah.
I mean yeah,
it's kind of like when you see somebody at this guy,
this guy actually has a lot in common with what John,
here's what I have to kill the person that Mcdonald's is like I want to number
one and number two and number five this guy is,
that's why Mcdonald's was like we can't be,
this is a conflict of interest.
You can either promote this guy or us.
That's true cause the culinary version of this guy shamelessness it's the irony
is that I had,
when I have to deal with is that this is now by far the hardest I've ever
laughed from a video and he's responsible for us to losing $2 million in
sponsorship.
Also.
I still,
the story would be,
sorry the story,
it'd be way more if we were at your house.
Yeah,
I was almost going to say like a normal fuck.
yeah,
yeah.
But the fact that you say we could have run this operation for a couple of
years,
takes all of the pathos and relate-ability out of that story.
No one cares.
But you lost two boys.
I know because you were wasting it on rent in this overhead from these
employees.
I mean that you need them,
but you don't need them in this space.
We don't need easy parking.
And if you were like,
and we could be sending our kids to send the story,
we care again,
who told you to do this
because it wasn't your idea to do what?
I mean,
it looks great.
I really want to take a new sponsor.
Morton's is doing it now
for this now.
They paid,
they paid to paint off of Mcdonald's stuff.
Okay,
so you saw,
I didn't even know this was an option.
Yeah.
We'll make our studio look like a Morton's.
Yeah,
and then you'll give us money.
Yeah.
I mean they have,
they have Brussels sprouts with Bacon and then they have asparagus with uh,
and they don't care that this guy is the lead in to Utah meat heavy menu.
They give us way less money.
The lump crab cake.
Lump crab cake there.
Scallops.
But whose idea was that?
I know Jen.
No judge.
Really?
I'm curious.
You guys were like,
I want to do it like Rogan.
Just an office man.
We wanted to move.
He didn't want to do it.
That's the origin of this period is get out of the house when you want to get
out of the house.
What am I your business manager?
Yes.
I'm just saying there are other options other than having your own,
are you going to have other podcasts that use this space?
Give you a kick?
There's going to be other podcasts done over there and that are under your
umbrella basically.
Yeah.
They give you a kick.
There's a little taste.
There's a tape.
There's like one of those.
I mean they get the majority of it.
I mean you should get some of it because you're letting them record,
but that's the whole,
that's the whole swap of it.
You know,
like you get,
you know you have a,
you have a production team.
Yeah.
You,
yeah,
you could wow.
Well,
but I don't want to do and out of my house or like do it.
You could have rented a space like an already existing space.
Somebody else's podcast.
A time in a,
in a podcast based.
Yeah,
but those are gross.
Or just rented office.
This is an office.
This is,
this is somewhere you could park an airplane.
Like if I,
if I was looking for a place to park 12 cards.
Yeah.
I would call you guys.
There's three cars in the back of this thing.
That's what I'm saying is there's so much room,
but I kiss for another funny of how I think I'm thinking about renting the place
next door to tell me everything because I find this interesting.
You seem like,
and I mean this with love,
peace,
sinless,
like a Schlubby guy.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
When you say Tom Segura Schlubby Guy,
look at this.
I got fucking baby puke on this.
Somebody told me,
I looked like I be,
I run a bowling alley.
You look like you run a bowling alley.
Meanwhile,
you have a podcast and you were like,
we need a studio and a Lamborghini.
You want to,
you know,
he put the down payment on the Lamborghini.
Let me tell you something.
Not only do not does no one care about you losing 2.3 now we're a little bit
glad I get to tell everybody about the Lamborghini
now because the money's gone.
We're not going to get it.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
I just try to secure one.
I was just trying to secure one so you could drive a Lamborghini.
Oh,
he loves that.
He rented one just for fun.
You drove around is being like,
yeah.
Yes.
That guy who looks like a meatball sub got struck by lightning and became a
comedian.
Yes.
And you were like,
I'm going to drive Bruce Wayne's car.
I really like,
that's why you love this guy.
Ignore this guy going and getting the Lambo.
Shut the thing up your ass.
Eat a whopper.
You don't give a fuck.
This is your spirit animal,
the here.
Right.
I think you got it.
And I,
by the way,
oh God.
It's just so interesting that a guy that you look like you'd go Sandler.
You know what I mean?
I just want to wear sweat pants and if I do,
here's the thing.
The most fun thing is to wear sweat pants and a shirt with a stain on it and get
it aligned.
Again,
the Lambo or something.
I couldn't get an a lamp.
First of all,
I'm six foot six but you are not that tall.
That's one of the big lies out there.
So funny.
It's one of the big wow.
That is,
I'll tell people are right now page
five,
10 and a half.
That is just for the record.
So one of the big lines,
that is the key to all a hard,
I'll be honest about,
I'll be honest,
but I hate Lamborghinis.
What do you mean?
I'm really not a fan.
I don't understand that they have the best.
No,
I just,
I feel like it's a clown car.
I could never,
no clowns could fit.
I just don't like them.
I think as,
I think it's a clownish thing to drive.
So what I do like try to buy one,
I just thought it'd be funny to how much is a Lamborghini you can get.
I mean,
you can get in one for probably like two and a quarter,
like s,
you know,
but,
but like,
you know,
if you want to get like a,
a nicer Molly,
you spending like 400
hundred I would spend that on a Ferrari though.
Tom,
I'm so happy to learn this about you.
I just didn't know.
What was your dad like?
He's got like six hours.
That's it.
No,
just kidding.
I was gay.
He loves cars,
but he never got anything crazy.
I wonder where you got it.
You know what he mean?
Like I got my money back.
What do you mean?
I threw them a hundred grand to hold this one car and then they give it back to
me cause I was like,
I'm not going to get it.
So Hey,
if there's one thing I know about the Lamborghini people,
they're decent salt of the earth.
If you give them a hundred gs just to hold the car.
Yeah,
yeah,
they'll give it back.
You know,
lend you some tools.
We'll give you some milk.
Wait,
what do you think about cars though?
You don't like cars?
I don't care about that.
Really wish I had that travel.
Like I,
and I don't mean traveling.
In fact,
I hate when people are like,
if I didn't have to work,
I'd travel.
It's like some more thinking,
Julie,
you are a bore because women are done.
I
still got it,
gave it color to make it a person and I see all equals always.
He's to Julie.
I know,
but I hate when people are like,
I try.
I don't mean that.
I mean I'm six foot six so if I go to a gig now you fly first class.
That's a lot of money.
Yeah,
but not you guys.
I mean,
you were given a hundred grand to hold a car.
Yeah,
that's true.
It's easy money.
But you guys like spending money,
that's fun.
No,
we really don't spend any money.
I don't spend that day.
I don't spend crazy money.
I really don't know.
Have you not bought anything that you're like,
wow,
that's,
I bought,
I have a sauna,
but that was $300 or something.
You can buy a soda.
People can save up a biased by any jewelry or anything.
Jewelry.
I mean,
I bought this,
I got this Cuban linked diamond studded your chain.
So it was 35 grand and I've worn it once and I got it two years ago.
I got to say,
man,
for somebody who looks like he cooks grilled cheeses,
I'm part of the engine of the Winnebago.
He's driving across country.
I can't believe you're,
I think that,
first of all,
I only are doing hip hop my whole life.
You're doing it and you're talking about it.
Yeah.
I kind of love it.
Thank you.
35 if I spent $35,000 on a piece of jewelry,
jewelry,
just a made up thing.
Yeah,
go list.
Have you were like,
Ooh.
Yeah.
Anyone,
not just your listeners.
35 grand would change their life and you're like,
I keep it in the drawer.
Sneakers.
10 grand on sneakers.
Easy peasy.
Mcdonald's.
You got to give it all back.
Yeah,
I did.
I mean we had to give all the Mcdonald's money back.
That's serious money,
man.
Yeah,
but then you went to Morton's.
Yeah.
Morton's morning.
He's got the big potato every week.
Pills at night.
They give you a big boy knife and the porterhouse porterhouse yoke.
You can share for $105 for two people.
You know,
I just,
I like their French onion soup.
I'm worried that you're a behind the music in the making.
Oh,
don't say that.
Damn it.
You're gonna scare my wife.
I'm worried.
I don't think it's going to happen.
Hey,
will you please show him the rest of Pete?
We didn't even get to see the rest of it.
No,
no.
Thank you uncle Terry.
Gimme a sec.
I'll load it up.
Give him 25 minutes to find it on the hard drive.
Sorry.
New System.
And by the way,
we don't want Internet case.
You're wondering.
I like that.
Choose to do the show this way.
Now let me ask you this.
How many things does Terry have going at once here?
There's the vibrating,
but plug.
I thought his name was Pete.
We nicknamed him Terry.
He just looks like a Terry.
There's something else in his hand right now.
When there's a blip,
the sleeve,
my name's blip.
I'm going to try to sleep and like I said,
I'm really kind of disappointed that this won't be vibrating too,
but I think that this thing going off in my foot,
it's going to be okay.
And this has some really weird knobbies coming inside there.
Oops.
What are you doing?
Opening one ED.
Dripping Lube.
Wow.
Wow,
that's tight.
Fuck,
fuck,
fuck.
I think that's what you call it ruined orgasm because I didn't want to come,
just wasn't expecting it.
He came too quickly for the toy on his review thing.
Yeah.
And his toy in the toy is like,
it happens to a lot of my bad.
That was supposed to be louder.
Um,
look,
he loves biking.
He's got printer paper,
he's got a cat and he's an outdoorsman for sure.
I mean it's got the body.
I'm kind of feel like I feel like piece,
the first guy that made me feel this ridiculous about what I mean about
everything.
What do you know what I mean?
Are you talking about like,
like just like what the fuck is up with this space?
Jewelry.
Cars.
Who are you?
And I'm like,
wait,
what's going on?
Well,
the,
I,
I guess I'd never thought of myself as a cheap person,
but there isn't a part of you that's like,
I hope this is interesting.
It is.
You have a very popular podcast.
Why not?
When I keep something like that,
right.
Joe,
you realize we're playing pro ball.
Yeah.
Like our careers are in,
our salaries are inflated.
Mike Birbiglia told me that he was like,
don't forget you started making a TV show.
He started doing this.
This is whatever.
Don't forget,
your salary is inflated because your career as a as a time limit on it.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
So obviously you could do this for 10 years.
Radio is a little bit different from other things,
but I just have this thing where I'm like,
yeah,
we're in the magical fruity kingdom and that's,
and that's wonderful.
Have some fruity pebbles,
eat some grapes off the tree.
It's great.
But I'm like,
yeah,
at a certain point people are going to be like,
maybe we'll have moved on and then we'll be glad that we didn't.
What does this h and r block?
I don't know what's going on here,
but you don't have that.
You're like,
there's no tomorrow.
You're Krusty the clown lighting a cigar with the action comics.
I don't want him though.
That's the thing.
I don't think I am.
I mean with what the,
with regard to what,
what is the rent of this place?
Not a lot.
That's not a lot.
I'm not telling you.
I don't know what you think is a lot.
It's a relative word.
It's more than five.
No,
it's less than five.
Way less.
Okay.
That's good.
Yeah.
It's a really nice space.
Yeah,
it's way less now.
I don't feel bad about you at all.
Yeah.
I actually,
when I saw this space,
I was like,
this is like you're looking at thousands and thousands.
Oh No,
no,
no.
Dov is not cheap for that kind of service.
Yeah,
I sure hope I didn't make you feel ridiculous.
Oh,
totally.
But she does too.
You just basically voiced her looks,
you know what I mean?
Like you just voicing up on that.
How are we going like this too?
But the jewelry,
which you can't really resell.
Yeah.
Are you going to buy more jewelry?
I just ordered a custom piece.
What's going on here?
I think that what happened is dob have a cousin or smile.
Let me get it.
He knows a diamond guy.
He really does.
I bet he does.
He want to know what's something crazy.
Should we say it or no?
We shouldn't say it.
I love whenever you wonder if you just say it.
No,
probably say it.
The,
the,
the diamond thing.
No.
Okay.
Yeah,
he put me in touch with someone.
Hilarious.
Now we're all just like,
who is another,
what is,
so I got this thing,
I'll just tell you.
So I got this thing.
So my children have college funds set up.
Yeah,
because once a kid,
once they're out of card,
how fucking conservative argue with money.
That's just not my trip.
That's not like,
what's not your trip?
Like just like having cash thrown down.
What do you do?
You don't spend anything?
I got a house that's a fucking big purchase on his pay off the house.
Have the house.
I bought my wife a car for Christmas.
That was pretty big.
Hey.
Okay.
Yeah.
How much was it?
She needed a car.
Uh,
it was,
you know,
it was HBO.
How dare you,
it was,
it was it over 50?
It was around that.
All right.
That's a nice car.
A nice car.
Way Nicer than mine.
Mine 30.
Oh got my wife,
nicer car.
That's nice.
That mine.
I know he doesn't.
And I parked it at Moshe Cassius place.
Kept it their secret Christmas and then I felt very Christmasy and then I knew I
had to get up in the middle of the night to park in the driveway,
put the bow on it like a nineties Lexus commercial.
All those are awesome.
Sweet.
So what I did was,
this is some real genius shit.
Yeah,
I couldn't set an alarm.
It would wake her up too.
So he just drank a fuck ton of water.
Really?
That was really smart of you.
I got up to,
I've never felt more Christmassy in my life.
And you weren't tired at all?
I wasn't tired of why so excited.
Our kid is too young to do this sort of Christmas and stuff and she also,
I kept telling her that I was,
she knew what car she wanted,
so I'm not something like Weirdo that's like all order for the lady like car.
So she knew what it was,
but I kept telling her I couldn't get it.
So at 3:00 AM got an Uber to motions house.
It was the best tube where I was like,
you're helping me be Santa Claus right now.
It was like I was like his third fair ever got the car drove there.
It was one of the best things ever.
That good money spending.
I know not to say yours is bad.
It did.
These things give you joy and they make you feel happy.
Yeah.
I don't think I'm like doing anything really outright.
I mean the jewelry is kind of crazy.
I admit that especially I don't really buy into jewelry.
Yeah,
you don't think it's just like stupid.
It's fantasy stuff though.
Who knows?
It's fantasy.
It's my fantasy because I grew up so,
so immersed and consumed by hip hop culture and music that I really wanted to be
one of those guys and so when I finally made enough money to buy something,
I just bought the stuff that I saw them where I know it's ridiculous.
You know?
I don't,
I,
I don't even think it's ridiculous that,
that,
that's what I'm using.
We're trip.
I'm like,
that's your trip.
That's all.
It's kind of ridiculous,
like I want to do that.
I don't think it is.
I mean it's a chain with my name on it and it's in diamonds.
Three different colors and it's got to think of my beard around it.
All diamonds and what do you wear it?
That's the thing that's up what I'm struggling with because I bought the drive
jacket too.
You know what I mean?
Like we're all like,
I'll get it.
Then you got the black one.
I've never been to war it.
Yeah,
the way it's an a goodwill.
So really of course thing,
right?
How much stuff do you need?
How much?
What else?
I mean what the Alberta it goes up.
I'm not that crazy.
Right?
I mean,
am I really that crazy with stuff?
I just jewelry specifically where they're just like,
we're going to call these metals more big mistake
when it starts to get fun,
and this is just a psychological thing.
When you look in the closet and you realize you're buying the same stuff over
and over and you're not enjoying,
but here's what you got.
That's the stuff that you kind of get like,
yeah,
but I'm saying that's not problematic,
right?
Like it's not like if you're like,
man,
you keep buying the sweatshirt,
the psychology
of it,
of what are you and already enjoying the hedonic treadmill.
There you go.
You know what hedonism is,
obviously it's enjoying the centers and the hedonic treadmill is the idea that
you'll just want the next thing and the next thing and the next thing and the
next thing.
And it's not to say that you can't enjoy it,
but there is an addictive quality to any sort of,
I mean in a certain sense,
this guy is chasing the next amazing orgasms he has.
In the same way I want them to get it,
that we're sort of chasing that feeling that you get sometimes.
You know what it is.
It's,
it's similar to drugs.
Like for me,
I don't smoke a lot of pot,
barely ever,
but every time I do I'm like,
this isn't it.
And I recently stopped drinking for a recent,
for similar reasons was you were always looking for that one.
You are chasing that one time that you were in fucking Montreal and you didn't
plan it,
but it started to rain and you and your friend duct in some cafe and you realize
you didn't have anything to do all day until like noon the next day.
So you're like,
fuck it,
let's get Martinis and and,
and the feeling of novelty and spontaneity gets blended and the feeling of
travel gets mixed in to the Martinis.
You know what I'm saying?
But our stupid AYP brains go martinis mean that feeling,
but the next time you have them you realize that it was a cacophony.
It was a mosaic of feelings that we're chasing.
And that's how I feel about weed.
I smoked weed and I'm like,
it makes me happy.
It makes me say like,
or even coffee makes my,
my mood elevate.
Does it or was your mood just there and you were too tired to even notice and
that kind of woke you up a little bit?
Like nothing is bad.
It gets what I'm doing right now.
What?
I'm canceling the order on that.
A piece of jewelry right now
I feel like it's just silly that my kid can go to private school and Maury here
what?
What's,
what's more interesting is what actually does give fulfillment.
Anybody can come and say we're addicted to our phones or we're on that Donek
treadmill or we're all chasing the next high.
But unfortunately like it's,
it's sometimes harder to get a handle on what,
I'm sure your family makes you really happy.
My family of origin but my children clearly same hashtag same talking with
people like I,
I'm very happy right now cause I'm seeing you guys,
I'm talking with you guys.
That's what I think is really interesting about podcasting is that like we've
gone so far into the future that we've just circled back where like what did
people like the fucking 1,602 they just sat around and talking shit natural.
We're doing,
we record it and I understand people share it and they're listening and they're
a part of it in their way.
But like we're doing the same thing.
Our ancestors and the same things,
the same basic things make us happy.
It's like being with other people.
It was a big one.
I'm getting this from the movie.
Happy by the way.
Yeah,
it's a great documentary.
Being with other people is a huge one.
Communal things.
Eating with other people is hugely important.
I can make fun of Mcdonald's but actually that is one of the services they
offer.
Especially lower income people.
Mcdonald's gives people sometimes a place to like gather.
She sacrificed then it just could have been so great.
Keep going.
Morton's Morton's is also a place you can get.
There you go.
But also fuck Mcdonald's because they're poisoning those people.
Thank you.
An addicting them to those foods with chemicals.
But you're still welcome back if we can figure it out.
The other thing,
and I think you guys are both gonna like this,
that's key to happiness is flow is something that takes you outside of time.
Yes,
so they actually interviewed people that are like fry cooks on the line and a
busy Manhattan restaurant.
Very happy people because they'd have like five,
not all of them obviously,
but they'd have like four hours,
three hours of a rush at during the day where they're getting outside of our
minds.
You talked to standup,
so one of the first things we say we like about standup is the time disappears
and you disappear,
you disappear in,
the audience disappears and it becomes a show.
This is timeless space,
so you're kind of getting the best of both worlds.
It's not as shallow as being like they heard me and they left,
and don king big,
which is reduce it to that,
and documentaries of comedians agree or chasing the high of a laugh.
It's like it's a little bit more complicated.
Absolutely.
Some of them are,
and you can tell me who those people are and then there are others that are
like,
wow,
I was really just locked in a moment and part of something.
You feel like you're connected more.
Absolutely.
And you do feel like,
I don't know,
I think like after a great show especially,
you're like,
that was it for you.
You're like,
that was an experience.
That's right.
Yeah.
And a timeless one.
And then it's weird because it is so ego driven,
but you sort of lose the sense of Pete,
it becomes like we are here doing the same thing together.
So one of the reasons why it's not as effective on TV,
right?
It's really,
it's about the live show.
It's like Avatar,
remember Avatar,
where they're holding hands on the tree.
We crave that sort of stuff.
It's fine.
We can either resist that or just be like,
look,
we're stuck in these embarrassing meat puppets and there are certain things that
make us feel good.
The thing that I'm talking about with jewelry and stuff is like when,
when our behavior is being uh,
given to us by someone else's story of success,
you know what I'm saying?
I narrative was sold to us.
Whether it is alcohol or food or jewelry or a new car.
I know I just bought a new car and there is some joy to be found in those
things.
But like we need to be sharing,
making sure that we're,
we're writing our story,
you know what I mean?
Not just going like,
well,
this is what they told us it was,
because guess what,
as someone who's had all my dreams come true,
I'll tell you,
you get there and you're still fucking there.
Yeah.
And you've got to find that.
You've got to find it with your friends.
You got to find it with your family.
What do you do to make yourself,
you know,
find it more.
It's what we're talking about just by,
just by deeply connecting with other people in a sincere way.
And that's why we were joking about publicists and stuff.
It does kind of bother me to think that you're paying somebody to love you.
This is,
this is,
this is a,
um,
who wrote,
fucking blanking on his name and the name of the book who wrote Infinite Jest.
Somebody listening is going nuts right now.
Anyway,
it'll come to me.
He was talking about once we get to the place where we can have three
dimensional internet,
virtual reality pornography,
it'll basically be Wally.
Remember Wally,
I didn't see that movie.
We're just going to be blobs.
Ah,
screens.
Getting all of your senses,
Matt,
every,
every you have will be scratched.
So you want to fuck Tyra banks.
You can do it.
We have the equipment now.
You'll do it.
It'll,
it'll fool basically there.
Right?
We're pretty much there.
Yeah.
But here's the rub.
It's the same with Mcdonald's.
It's the same with pornography.
And it's the same with the jewelry that you bought.
You're having these things met by people who don't love you.
That's,
that's what's fucked up,
right?
So we're paying for something that not only should be free,
but only actually occurs when it's free.
You know what I'm saying?
If your wife makes you a sandwich or you make a kid a sandwich,
there really is something going on there.
There's intention and there's a drive behind it that's pure.
And what we're losing touch with as human beings is,
yeah,
I can have,
I'm wealthy enough.
I'm very fortunate to have grub hub bring me every fucking meal.
I want Thai for lunch,
and I want back in Morton's for dinner.
I'll have him bring it to me and I can do this infinitely,
you know?
Or I could make some boring ass pasta dish.
I don't know how to cook a lot of things,
which is what I made my wife last night.
That is the better choice.
Yeah,
I'm doing it.
You know this,
we know this,
right?
It's a,
it's the same part of you that's like you're feeling depressed.
Go for a hike,
go for a walk.
Even if I know you don't want to,
you need to realize that you're negotiating with an ape and you have to rise
above it
and also too in this,
I mean the hedonic thing,
you're also chasing the next high,
right?
It's also the fear of the space in between of feeling like my,
have you read the subtle art of not giving a fuck?
Yeah.
He talks about that like,
hey,
life is kind of suffering some.
You know what I mean?
It is kind of going through this stuff and we're so afraid of that quiet moment
in between the next fun thing.
What am I going to eat?
What am I going to do?
Like we're constantly looking for that next fix.
Well,
obviously exhausting.
That book is a little bit about Buddhism.
It's basically,
it is,
yeah.
This
book and for me,
enlightenment.
Uh,
if you want to talk about that,
this on your mom's house,
we could,
you might have a fart that I can bring in.
We can get it enlightened that baby.
But this is actually is not too philosophical.
Not too heady and certainly not really.
No,
it's great.
There's something that I practice,
which is you're trying to be enlightenment to me means happy for no reason.
And there in my experience,
you can,
every story is a guy sitting on a box.
Every spiritual story is the guy sitting on a box and he's begging for change.
And finally one guy goes,
hey,
what's,
what's in the box?
He goes,
you know,
I never looked in the box.
He's like,
you should look in the box.
Kind of walks away.
Beggar looks in the box is filled with gold,
right?
That's every story.
You go on a journey looking for a diamond,
only to realize it was sewn into the lining of your jacket the whole time.
This is every movie,
right?
The human story.
So why do we,
why do we love that story and why does that story keeping told?
It's because,
and I'm starting,
I'm 39 years old and finally starting,
it's finally starting sink in.
But there is something to enjoy just in the moment,
just in the phenomenon of being conscious and you can call that conscious a
piece of God or whatever you want to say.
It doesn't matter what symbol system you use,
but when you go,
just this just right now is a fucking trip and even the suffering is fucking why
you should even be here.
But,
and there's a way to intellectualize that.
That's exhausting where I go like,
wow,
coffee's a fucking miracle.
That's exhausting.
That's head stuff.
It's about being in a heart place where you're just not thinking where you're
letting it shut off and you're just going like,
like I was in the shower.
Here's a simple one.
It's in the shower this morning and go,
this could be your last shower.
We don't know.
I could fucking die.
And that sounds more of it,
but there's something when you go,
this could be my last shower.
You feel the water on your skin and you smell the soap and there's something and
you see the sun coming through the window and the speck of dust that's caught in
it and how it looks like our universe,
and that's not thinking that looks like our universe.
That's feeling it.
That's true happiness.
It's not to say better or worse,
it's just to me happy for no reason.
Is there a better way to vibrating but plugin,
that's a,
yeah,
I had one and we can laugh.
We can also laugh at that because it's fucking crazy.
Let's not deny what we're also doing here.
Also,
I'm horny and I'm watching fucking weird MILF born and yeah,
it just like everybody,
we're all in the slog,
but what the subtle art of not giving a fuck is kind of talking about is the
idea of non attachment.
Even write this fucking conundrum.
You know,
you think you have free will skip breakfast,
lunch and dinner for two days and then have a lot of coffee.
You know what I mean?
Like it's embarrassing that we're stuck in these,
but we can have compassion and this is really this idea for yourself.
You can have compassion for the part of you that even recognizes the part of you
that wants to buy jewelry.
It's okay.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
But there's also a lightness that we can go about these things
you go,
it's,
it's also like,
it's when you go,
I really truly are,
you accept that there's versions of yourself.
Yeah.
Aren't like a perfect and a one.
And then when you accept it is when you actually feel cool and enlightened and
that's right and happy about it.
I had this thing like a week or two ago,
just felt [inaudible] I think it's kind of like the moment you're describing
where I just felt extreme gratitude for my life,
just like my whole life.
I remember this day and I'm waiting for this moment.
You know it,
I think I it,
no,
I just thought,
you know,
I just feel like I just felt extremely like thankful for my life,
for my wife,
for my children,
for just the life that I get to live,
that I get to do this for a living like Jesus piece.
Yeah.
My Jesus piece,
all of it.
And I just was overwhelmed honestly,
by thinking of the,
like feeling the gratitude and just thinking of it.
All it did was tell my spouse about it.
I felt extremely like,
just happy,
just so overjoyed.
Yeah.
Rest of my gratitude.
A lot of like times it's,
it's are alcoholics and drug addicts that know the benefit of a gratitude list.
Yeah.
But that is absolutely one of the keys to happiness,
physical activity,
human contact flow in gratitude.
And it does.
And you know what?
It doesn't even have to be fancy stuff.
Yeah.
I go on a hike.
There's three,
there's three phases of the hike.
One is a gratitude list.
So let's say it's a 15 minute walk.
The first five minutes.
You just think about what you're grateful for and and you basically,
it doesn't have to be fancy.
You can be like,
I'm grateful for my hands.
Yes,
it can be some bullshit.
I'm grateful for having a car that Mary has a car.
I'm grateful that I have a place to sleep.
I'm grateful for food.
Then if you run out of stuff,
think about the people that you're grateful for.
Believe me,
this is way more than five minutes.
Where the second five,
I'm trying to think.
It's been a while since I did this because honestly it's the first one that
matters.
The first is next five is you think about how you want your day to go.
Usually do this in the morning and it makes a huge difference.
I can't.
I believe that all the first five is affirmations.
If you let the mind take you,
your whole day is fucked up.
That's what I'm saying.
Take your mind.
That's what I'm saying,
but that is real happiness.
What you're saying,
and this is a,
this isn't mystical idea,
is the idea of not identifying with the mind.
That is the motherfucker.
If you wanted to boil down all of spirituality into something that's actually
practical,
that doesn't require you to believe anything.
I don't give a fuck.
If you believe in God,
who gives a fuck?
What are we talking about?
You're wasting my time.
Let's talk about something real.
It's not identifying with your brain,
it's identifying what the part of you that's listening to your brain.
My last special dirty,
clean,
I did a bit about this where I had people sing a song in their head and I'm
like,
who's hearing that?
That's kind of a nudge towards,
you could call it soul consciousness or just basic awareness.
Just the idea that who you are is really the thing that's hearing the thoughts
and the more I used to like as a Christian,
I would want peace to exist in my mind.
I want it to exist in my ego and then I realized through meditation and all
these different practices you want to identify with the part that's impartial on
born and just watching that sort of stuff.
That's where peace was hiding.
It wasn't hiding in thoughts like,
please give me,
please,
please help me calm down.
It was,
it was witnessing who's noticing the lack of peace.
It's fucking based when you got into it.
That's it.
And anyone can get there.
You don't have to meditate.
You can slip into that space at any moment that you want.
When you're having too many thoughts,
you go,
who's noticing the thoughts?
That's that's the summation of thousands of years as weird mystical writings
that Gandalf controller over you are so insightful and I'm serious,
bright,
articulate.
I mean this guy,
he's really surprising.
I didn't think I know.
Second Grade.
Are you wrapping up?
We are.
Um,
we've uh,
we've spent a lot of time.
I'm so,
can I say this on here?
Yeah.
I had crashed and coming out and my special come out.
Really?
We're here to promote crashing.
Yeah.
That is something I am grateful for that I could reach out.
You have
this wonderful popular show.
I know I gave you a hard time for renting a space.
No,
it's all good of this.
Love the show.
Love that you have,
that this is working for you guys.
And the fact that they in the Dov and everybody bent over to make this happen,
that's means a lot.
And that's what crashing is about.
But when we have that in our community,
then we're hanging out with the right people.
That's right.
You know what I mean?
Now it's not the other people that go,
he fucking stole my essence.
Yeah.
Agreed.
Sorry.
This hate Sundays on Hbo,
10:00 PM to don't look at the graphic on Pete's Twitter page.
It is Sunday 10 publicist to update that.
Oh,
I'm glad.
I'm thankful.
I want to give so gratitude for all of you to everybody,
but Mcdonald's.
Ah.
Um,
dude,
go to Burger King.
Try Ndz might be wearing little king hats next week.
Yeah,
but king hats,
crowns,
Paula Thomas Joe it,
that's his joke.
Oh yeah.
Then he worked in a hat store.
Paul,
I have Tompkin said he worked in a hat store,
so it was like,
let me get the,
let me get that king hat.
And he's like,
you know what?
It's called
the crown.
It's ground
had royale.
I heard it though.
I had gotten as a king yet.
Um,
the king,
it's the king and this is a home here now by grass king's homes.
And I'm again,
thank you very much.
I really don't know what that is,
but,
um,
it was a lot of fun,
man.
Thank you for coming.
[inaudible] means a lot.
Gotcha.
John Black Guy at 2195.
Sergio was
homeless
time.
This,
this,
this is sandy.